                                                                 FILED AND RECORDED
                                                                  OFFICIAL PUBLIC RECORDS


                                                                    Dyana Limon-Mercado, County Clerk
STATE OF TEXAS                                                          Travis County, Texas
                                                              Oct 31, 2024 02:25 PM     Fee: $ 161.00
COUNTY OF TRAVIS                                                            2 0 241 21 1 1 1
                                                                        *Electronically Recorded*

                AMENDED AND RESTATED RULES AND REGULATIONS
                                     OF
                SCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL OWNERS ASSOCIATION. INC.


Document reference. Reference is hereby made to that certain Scofield Residential Area
Declaration of Covenants. Conditions and Restrictions, filed at Vol. 11863, Pg. 1147, of the Real
Property Records of Travis County, Texas (together with all amendments and supplements, the
"Declaration").
        Reference is further made to those certain Bylaws of Scofield Residential Owners
Association. Inc., filed as Document No. 2007073244 in the Official Public Records of Travis
County, Texas (together with all amendments and supplements, the "Bylaws").
        Reference is further made to that certain Amended and Restated Rules and Regulations of
Scofield Residential Owners Association. Inc., filed as Document No. 2013155826, and to that
certain Administrative Policy of Scofield Residential Owners Association. Inc. filed as Document
No. 2013144264, and to the Amendments to the Amended and Restated Rules and Regulations
filed as Document Nos. 2016035458, 2017064533, 2021222039, and 2024084947, all in the
Official Public Records of Travis County, Texas (cumulatively and together with any
amendments and supplements, the "Prior Rules").

WHEREAS the Declaration provides that persons owning lots subject to the Declaration are
automatically made members of Scofield Residential Owners Association, Inc. (the
"Association");

WHEREAS the Association, acting through its board of directors (the "Board"), is authorized to
adopt and amend rules covering any and all aspects of its functions, including the use and
occupancy of the Association Property, and the Common Area pursuant to Declaration §5.4 (e)
and State law;

WHEREAS the Board further has the powers and duties necessary for the administration of the
affairs of the Association and for the operation and maintenance of the Property in the manner
required by the Declaration, together with all powers and duties incidental thereto pursuant to
Section 6.2 of the Bylaws; and

WHEREAS the Board previously adopted the Prior Rules and has voted to amend and restate the
Prior Rules as provided in Exhibit "A" hereto;

THEREFORE the Amended and Restated Rules attached as Exhibit "A" have been, and by these
presents are, ADOPTED and APPROVED, and do REPLACE and SUPERCEDE the Prior Rules.
                                      2024121111 Page 2 of 35




SCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
Acting by and through its Board of Directors


Signature:
Printed Name:
Title:
Date:


Exhibit "A": Amended and Restated Rules


                                              Acknowledgements
STATE OF TEXAS

COUNTY OF TRAVIS

        This instrument was executed before me on the Guyer\                                                   day of
 atber                  2024, by 'batik 14.0:Icy art%'‘
                                  ,                                                                             in the
capacity stated above.




After recordinc please return to:                                             CYNTHIA ANN MCCARTOR
Niemann & Beyer, L.L.P.                                                        Notary ID 0134944328
Attorneys At Law                                                               My Commission Expires
Westgate Building, Suite 313                                                       June 12, 2028
1122 Colorado Street
Austin, Texas 78701


     /Volumes/File Server-1/CLIENTS/Scofield Residential /Rule Consolidation 2-22/Rule Restated and Amended 2024 8-8-24.doc
                              2024121111 Page 3 of 35




                                              EXHIBIT "A"

                   AMENDED AND RESTATED RULES AND REGULATIONS
                                        OF
                   SCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL OWNERS ASSOCAITION. INC.


                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS

                 Section I.     Flags
                 Section II.    Solar Energy Devices
                 Section III.   Cameras
                 Section IV.    Rain Barrels and Rainwater Harvesting Systems
                 Section V.     Xeriscaping
                 Section VI.     Fences
                 Section VII.    Religious Displays
                 SectionVIII.    Wi-Fi Usage Policy & Availability
                 Section IX.     Record Production
                 Section X.      Record Retention
                 Section Xl.     Payment Plans
                 Section XII.    Voting
                 Section XIII    Notice of Board Meetings
                 Section XIV. Transfer Fees
                 Section XV.     Email Addresses
                 Section XVI. Covenant Enforcement and Fining Policy
                 Section XVII. Collection Procedures
                 Section XVIII. Common Area Repairs
                 Section XIX.    Standby Electric Generators
                 Section XX.     Pool Enclosure Fencing
                 Section XXI.    Security Measures
                 Section XXII. Bid Protocol for Projects Exceeding S50,000
                 Section XXIII. Leasing Information
                 Section XXIV. Signs
                 Section XXV. Code of Conduct
                 Section XXVI. Pool Rules (community pool)

                                          SECTION I. FLAGS

1. General. An Owner may display flags only on his or her Lot and only in compliance with this Section.
   An Owner may not display flags on the Common Areas, or on any other lands owned or maintained by
   the Association, for any reason or at any time. An Owner may have one flagpole, or one residence-
   mounted flag mount, but not both.

2. Prior Approval Required. All flagpoles, flag mounts, and related installations (e.g., flag lighting) must
   be approved in advance by the Association's Architectural Committee (ACC). An Owner desiring to
   display a permitted flag must submit plans to the ACC for each installation, detailing the dimensions,
   type, location, materials, and style/appearance of the flagpole, flag mount(s), lighting and related
   installations. The Association's ACC shall have the sole discretion of determining whether such items
   and installations comply with this Section 1, subject to any appeal rights that may exist elsewhere in the
   Association's governing documents or under State law.

3. Permitted Flags. An Owner is permitted to display on his or her Lot the flag of the United States of
   America, the flag of the State of Texas, and/or an official replica of any branch of the United States
   armed forces, subject to the restrictions contained in this Section I.
                                2024121111 Page 4 of 35




   Display of all other flags is prohibited. A pennant, banner, plaque, sign or other item that contains a
   rendition of a permitted flag does not qualify as a permitted flag under this Section 1.
4. Additional Requirements Related to Flagg.
       a. Flags must be displayed on an approved flag mount or flagpole. Flags may not be
            displayed in any other manner.
       b. The U.S. and Texas flags must be hoisted, flown, and lowered in a respectful
            manner.
       c. The U.S. and Texas flags must never be flown upside down and must never touch the
            ground.
       d. No mark, sign, insignia, design, or advertising of any kind may be added to a flag.
       e. If both the U.S. and Texas flags are displayed, they must be of approximately equal
            size.
       f. If the U.S. and Texas flags are flown on one pole, the U.S. flag must be the highest
            flag flown and the Texas flag the second highest.
       g. Only all-weather flags may be displayed during inclement weather.
       h. Flags must be no larger than 3'x5' in size.

5. Materials and Appearance of Flag Mounts and Flagpoles. A flag mount attached to a dwelling or a
    freestanding flagpole must be constructed of permanent, long-lasting materials, with a finish
    appropriate to the materials (per the discretion of the ACC) used in the construction of the mount or
    flagpole and harmonious with the dwelling.

6. Additional Requirements for Flagpoles. The following additional requirements shall apply to flagpoles
    installed on Lots:
         a. No more than one flagpole may be installed on a Lot;
         b. The flagpole must be free-standing and installed vertically;
         c. The flagpole must be no greater than 20 feet in height measured from grade level;
         d. The location and construction of the flagpole must comply with applicable zoning ordinances,
              may not be located in any easements (including drainage easements), and must comply with
              all setback requirements;
         e. Unless otherwise approved by the ACC, the location of the pole must be within 10 feet of one
              of the side-most building lines of the home, and within 10 feet of the front most building line
              of the home. The ACC may require the pole to be installed on a particular side; and
         f. No trees may be removed for pole installation.

7. Lighting of Flag Displays. Any lights installed for the purpose of illuminating a flag must be pre-
    approved by the Association. Such light installations must be of a reasonable size and intensity and
    placed in a reasonable location, for the purpose of ensuring that the lights do not unreasonably disturb
    or distract other individuals. All flag illumination lighting must be specifically dedicated to that
    purpose. No other lighting, whether located inside or outside of the residence, may be directed toward
    a displayed flag for purposes of illuminating the flag (e.g., security flood or spot lights may not be
    oriented toward a displayed flag).

8. Maintenance. An Owner is responsible for ensuring that a displayed flag, flagpole, flag mount(s),
    lighting and related installations are maintained in good and attractive condition at all times at the
    Owner's expense. Any flag, flagpole, flag mount, light, or related installation or item that is in a
    deteriorated or unsafe condition must be repaired, replaced, or removed promptly upon the discovery
    of its condition.

9. Noise Restrictions. An Owner must ensure that external halyards (hoisting ropes) used in combination
    with the flagpole do not create an unreasonable amount of noise.




                                                      2
                                      2024121111 Page 5 of 35




                                    SECTION II. SOLAR ENERGY DEVICES

1. Conflict with Other Provisions. Per state law, this Section II controls over any provision in any other
   Association governing document to the contrary, including Declaration Section 3.9, to the extent of
   any conflict.

2. Prior Approval Required. An Owner may install solar energy devices only on property solely
   owned and solely maintained by the Owner, and only in accordance with the restrictions
   provided herein. Owners may not install solar energy devices except in accordance with the
   restrictions provided herein. Prior to installation of any solar energy device, the Owner must submit
   plans for the device and all appurtenances thereto to the ACC. The plans must provide an as-built
   rendering, and detail the location, size, materials, and color of all solar devices, and provide
   calculations of the estimated energy production of the proposed devices.

3, Definition. In this section, "solar energy device" means a system or series of mechanisms designed
    primarily to provide heating or cooling or to produce electrical or mechanical power by collecting and
    transferring solar-generated energy. All solar devices not meeting this definition are prohibited.

4. Prohibited Devices. Owners may not install solar energy devices that:
         a. threaten the public health or safety;
         b. violate a law;
         c. are located on property owned by the Association;
         d. are located in an area owned in common by the members of the Association;
         e. are located in an area on the properly Owner's property other than:
                    i. on the roof of the home (or of another structure on the Owner's lot allowed under the
                        Association's governing documents); or
                   ii. in a fenced yard or patio owned and maintained by the Owner,
         f. are installed in a manner that voids material warranties;
         g. are installed without prior approval by the ACC; or
         h. substantially interfere with the use and enjoyment of land by causing unreasonable discomfort
              or annoyance to persons of ordinary sensibilities. This determination may be made at any
                time, and the ACC may require removal of any device in violation of this or any other
                requirement.

5.   Limitations on Roof-Mounted Devices. if the device is mounted on the roof of the home, it must:
        a. extend no higher than or beyond the roofline;
        b. be located only on the back of the home — the side of the roof opposite the street. The ACC
              may grant a variance in accordance with state law if the alternate location is substantially
              more efficient';
         c. conform to the slope of the roof, and have all top edges parallel to the roofline; and
        d. not have a frame, a support bracket, or visible piping or wiring that is any color other than
              silver, bronze, or black tone commonly available in the marketplace.

6. Limitations on Devices in a Fenced Yard or Patio. If the device is located in a fenced yard or patio, it
    may not be taller than the fence line.

7. Solar Shinales. Any solar shingles must:
         a. Be designed primarily to:
                   i. be wind and hail resistant;



 If an alternate location increases the estimated annual energy production of the device more than 10 percent above the energy
production of the device if located on the back of the home, the Association will authorize an alternate location in accordance with
these Rules and state law. It is the Owner's responsibility to determine and provide sufficient evidence to the AC of all energy
production calculations. All calculations must be performed by an industry professional,




                                                                 3
                                2024121111 Page 6 of 35




                  ii. provide heating/cooling efficiencies greater than those provided by customary
                      composite shingles; or
                 iii. provide solar generation capabilities; and
        b.        When installed:
                   i. resemble the shingles used or otherwise authorized for use on property in the
                      subdivision;
                  ii. are more durable than and are of equal or superior quality to the shingles used or
                      otherwise authorized for use on property in the subdivision; and
                 iii. match the aesthetics of the property surrounding the Owner's property.

                                       SECTION III. CAMERAS

1. Video Surveillance. Various cameras have been or may be installed at the Board's discretion at various
    places throughout the common area. These cameras may be unmonitored and/or non-functional at
    any time. No surveillance system should be relied upon to ensure a resident's personal safety —
    personal safety is the responsibility of the individual and law enforcement. The Association cannot
    and does not warrant the effectiveness or mechanical repair of any cameras. Any camera may be a
     `dummy' camera.

    The board will determine in its sole discretion how long any surveillance recordings are retained. The
    Association has no duty to retain any surveillance recordings. The Association will allow law
    enforcement access to surveillance recordings upon request of an authorized governmental law
    enforcement authority, but the board may in its discretion first require a subpoena to be issued. The
    Association will allow Owner access to surveillance recordings only if a police report has been filed
    for the incident in question and a copy of the report is provided to the Association. If costs are
    incurred by the Association in providing an Owner access to the surveillance recordings, the
    Association may hold the Owner responsible for such costs.

          SECTION IV. RAIN BARRELS AND RAINWATER HARVESTING SYSTEMS

1. Pre Approval Required. Owners may install rain barrels or rainwater harvesting systems only with
    pre-approval from the Association, and only in accordance with the restrictions described in this
    Section IV.

2. Prohibited Locations. Owners are prohibited from installing rain barrels or rainwater harvesting
    systems, or any part thereof, in the following locations:
        a. on property owned by the Association;
        b. on property owned in common by the members of the Association; or
        c. on property between the front of the Owner's home and an adjoining or adjacent street

3. Pre-Approval Required for All Rain Barrels or Rainwater Harvesting Systems. Prior to any
    installation of any rain barrel or rain harvesting system (or any part thereof), prior written permission
    must be received from the ACC.

    Owners wishing to install such systems must submit plans showing the proposed location, color(s),
    material(s), shielding, dimensions of the proposed improvements, and whether any part of the proposed
    improvements will be visible from the street, another lot, or a common area (and if so, what part(s) will
    be visible). The location information must provide information as to how far (in feet and inches) the
    improvement(s) will be from the side, front, and back property line of the Owner's property.

4. Color and Other Appearance Restrictions. Owners are prohibited from installing rain barrels or
    rainwater harvesting systems that:
        a. are of a color other than a color consistent with the color scheme of the Owner's home;
        b. display any language or other content that is not typically displayed by such a barrel or system
            as it is manufactured; or
         c. are not constructed in accordance with plans approved by the Association.


                                                     4
                               2024121111 Page 7 of 35




5. Additional Restrictions if Improvements are Visible. If any part of the improvement will be visible
    from the street, another lot, or common area, the Association may impose restrictions on the size, type,
    materials, and shielding of, the improvement(s) (through denial of plans or conditional approval of
    plans).

                                        SECTION V. XERISCAPING

1. Philosophy: In light of the frequent and persistent drought conditions in the area, the ACC is providing
    the following information and guidelines for xeric landscape renovations.

    The primary purpose of the ACC is to ensure that improvements made on properties in Scofield Farms
    are tasteful, do not detract from property values, the livability and/or value of our neighborhood, and
    are in balance with the architecture, needs and desires of the Scofield Farms community.

    Xeriscaping means using native and adaptive plants that can grow and sustain themselves with low
    water requirements and tolerate heat and drought conditions. The City of Austin is vigorously
    promoting xeriscaping for resource conservation and environmental protection and as such the ACC
    encourages such projects. However, in accordance with the primary purpose of the ACC, 'zero'
    landscaping (implying no landscaping whatsoever) is not allowed.

    The advantages of Xeriscaping include:

         •    Substantial cost savings on water bills
         •    Conservation of diminishing water resources during drought periods
         •    Prevention of pollution of surface and ground water from environmentally harmful runoff
         •    Pride in knowing you are doing something substantial to protect our fragile environment

    As a lot of homeowners undertake landscape renovation before the heat of summer, the ACC is
    providing the following information and guidelines to increase awareness and to ensure that
    renovations do not detract from property values.

2. Approval for chancres: Prior to initiating any change in the visible landscape, Owners must submit an
    Architectural Control Committee Approval Request Form (available at http://www.scofieldfarms.org).
    The request must include an outline of the project and a design plan, as well as details on the types of
    plants, the ground covers, the border material(s), and the hardscape materials to be used. The ACC
    may request additional information or changes to the plans before final approval. In all such cases, the
    ACC will work with the Owners to come to a mutually acceptable solution. It may take the ACC up to
    30 days to approve the request but most requests may be approved within 10 days. Installation of any
    proposed xeric landscape may not begin until the ACC has approved the request.

5. Turf Grass: The ACC will generally require that at least 25% and up to 50% of the visible lawn area
   contains some form of sodded grass. The exact requirement of the turf may vary from property to
   property and is dependent on the specific landscape plan. The easement strip between the public
   sidewalk and the curb does not count towards the 25% to 50% turf area.

     Owners should consider replacing "thirsty" turf grasses such as St. Augustine with turf that has lower
     water requirements. Residents should also consider converting the narrow easement strips between the
     public sidewalks and the street curb from turf grass to xeriscaped areas, as these areas are hard to water
     without street runoff.

     The ACC may approve artificial turf on a case-by-case basis depending on the situation of the Owner.

6. Plants: It is recommended to use plants adapted to the pH soil conditions created by the non-turf
   materials used (i.e., don't use acid loving plants along with alkaline crushed limestone covering,
   whereas acid loving plants would do well with a ground hardwood mulch covering and native plants
                               2024121111 Page 8 of 35




    would do well with limestone or crushed granite). Mulching is encouraged to retain moisture in the
    soil and around plants, but mulch cannot be substituted for turf grass. Sickly and dying plants must be
    removed or replaced. Certain plants determined by the City of Austin to be invasive will not be
    approved for planting by the ACC. See the City of Austin "Native and Adapted Landscape Plants"
    book. Most common examples of such plants include varying forms of Nandina, running varieties of
    bamboo, Ligustrums/Privet, Photini, Vitex, and Chinaberry Tree.

7. Hardscapes. rock. travel. cactus: Hardscapes can include (subject to ACC approval) large boulders, or
    other natural materials that are used as part of xeric landscaping design.

S. Borders: Non-turf planted areas must be bordered to define the xeriscaped area clearly from turfed
    areas. Such areas must be kept maintained at all times (plants trimmed and thinned, weeded, and
    borders edged) to ensure an attractive appearance. No plants may encroach onto sidewalks, curbs, or
    streets.

9. Safety: For public safety, no plant with thorns, spines, or sharp edges may be used within 6' of the
   public sidewalk or clear zone. The term "clear zone" is used to describe the generally flat and
   unobstructed area that is provided beyond the travel lanes, per the City of Austin Transportation
   Criteria Manual. For public safety, it is recommended that no boulders or large rocks exceeding
   twelve inches (12") be used on strips between the public sidewalks and the street curb.

10. Maintenance: Xeric landscapes are subject to the same requirements as other landscaping and must be
    maintained at all times to ensure an attractive appearance. Xeriscape landscapes may require less
    mowing but additional effort may be required to maintain a weed free landscape. Plants must be
    trimmed, beds must be kept weed-free and borders must be edged. No plants may encroach on public
    sidewalks. Perennials which die back during winter must be cut back to remove dead materials during
    winter. This includes most ornamental grasses and other flowering perennials that go dormant to the
    ground in winter.

Summary:

    •    The ACC will require at least 25% and up to 50% of turf grass in publicly visible areas as long as
         other guidelines are met.
    •    Owners must submit the ACC Approval Request Form for approval. It may take up to 30 days for
         approval. Installation of the xeric landscape may not begin until the request has been approved.
    •    Non-turf planted areas must be bordered to define the xeric are clearly from turfed areas.
    •    Xeriscaped area, as with the rest of the landscape, must be kept maintained at all times (plants
         trimmed and thinned, weeded, and borders edged) to ensure a reasonably attractive appearance.
    •    No plants may encroach onto sidewalks, curbs, or streets. No plants with thorns, spines, or sharp
         edges should be used within six feet (6') of the public sidewalks (clear zone).
    •    No boulders or large rocks exceeding twelve inches (12") should be used on strips between the
         public sidewalks and the street curb.
    •    Sickly and dying plants must be removed or replaced. Perennials or ornamental grasses which die
         back in winter must be cut back to remove dead areas.

Recommendations:

    •    Good turf grasses for our area include Zoysia, Bermuda and Buffalo grass. However, no one turf
         grass is ideal for all situations. Therefore, it is highly recommended for all Owners to carefully
         consider the amount of sunlight the lawn receives, slope and the quality of soil before choosing a
         new turf. More information on turf grasses can be found in the "Grow Green" booklet.
    •    Manually pulling out weeds is recommended as the most environmentally sensitive method of
         weed control.
     •   Using toxic chemicals for weed control is highly discouraged.




                                                     6
                                       2024121111 Page 9 of 35




    •     The ACC highly recommends that Owners study the maintenance requirements for xeric
          landscapes before undertaking such projects as upkeep for a xeriscaped law is oftentimes more
          time consuming (even if it is less expensive overall).
    •     For more information and recommendations on plants to use and ideas on xeric landscapes, pick
          up a copy of the City of Austin's free booklet Native and Adaptive Landscape Plants, an Earth
          Wise Guide for Central Texas, commonly known as the "Grow Green" book. These are free at
          any garden center or plant nursery and can be downloaded from the City of Austin's website. This
          booklet contains photos and a wealth of information about plants from "Trees to Turf' that are
          recommended for our area in order to have "water wise" landscaping.

                                                   SECTION VI. FENCES

I. Fences. Each owner has the duty, at his own cost and expense, to maintain, repair, and replace any
    fence situated on or appurtenant to his lot, such that it remains in good, neat, and attractive condition.
    What constitutes good, neat and attractive condition shall be according to the sole reasonable
    discretion of the board. No owner may make a change to a fence (including changes to color,
    materials, height, or any other characteristics) without the approval of the ACC pursuant to Section 6.6
    of the Declaration.

     When a fence acts as a boundary fence that separates two owners' yards, the owners share a joint duty
     to maintain, replace, and repair the fence such that it remains in good, neat, and attractive condition,
     and such owners are equally responsible for all costs of maintenance. Any fence separating two
     owners' yards is presumed to be a boundary fence unless acceptable proof (in the form of a survey) is
     submitted and confirmed by the board that the fence is wholly situated on only one lot.

     If an owner fails to maintain in good, neat, and attractive condition any fence situated on or
     appurtenant to his lot, the Association shall have the right, but not the obligation, to, after 24 hours
     notice, enter any lot for the purpose of maintaining, repairing, or replacing the fence pursuant to
     Section 5.5(b) of the Declaration. The expense incurred by the Association in connection with the
     entry upon any lot and the maintenance, repair, or replacement work conducted thereon shall be a
     personal obligation of the owner(s) responsible for the maintenance of the fence, and shall be
     collectible in the manner described in Declaration §5.5(b).

                                        SECTION VII. RELIGIOUS DISPLAYS

I. General. The following rule outlines the restrictions applicable to religious displays in order to permit
    them while also striving to maintain an aesthetically harmonious and peaceful neighborhood for all
    neighbors to enjoy. Allowed religious displays are limited to displays motivated by the resident's
    sincere religious belief .

2. Prohibited Items. No religious item(s) displayed may:
        a. threaten the public health or safety;
        b. violate a law3;
        c. contain language, graphics, or any display that is patently offensive to a passerby;
        d. be installed on property owned or maintained by the association;
        e. be installed on property owned in common by two or more members of the association;
         f. be located in violation of any applicable building line, right of way, setback, or easement; or
        g. be attached to a traffic control device, street lamp, fire hydrant, or utility sign, pole, or fixture.

3. Parameters. All religious displays must be located within 10' of the dwelling's frontmost building
    line (i.e. within 10' of the front facade of the dwelling.) Displays may not be located within building

2Religion relates to faithful devotion to a god or gods or the supernatural. Religious displays are different than signs or other figures
related to a cause. For example "Save the Whales" or other movements/causes are not considered religious displays.
3Other than a law prohibiting the display of religious speech. Please note that the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution is not
applicable to private organizations like clubs or community associations; the First Amendment protects certain speech from
governmental restraints.



                                                                   7
                                2024121111 Page 10 of 35




    setbacks. No portion of the display may extend above the lowest point of the dwelling's front roof
    line. All displays must be kept in good repair. Displays may not exceed 5' in height x 3' in width x
    3' in depth. The number of displays is limited to three. This paragraph 3 shall not apply however to
    seasonal religious holiday decorations as described in paragraph 4. All displays other than seasonal
    religious displays must receive prior approval from the association's architectural reviewing body prior
    to installation, except for up to one display on any exterior door or door frame of the home that is 25
    square inches or smaller. For example, and without limitation, no prior permission is required from the
    association to place a cross, mezuzah, or other similar religious symbol smaller than 25 square inches
    on the home's front door or door frame. If the dedicatory instruments do not designate an architectural
    reviewing body (such as an architectural control committee), the approval must be received from the
    board.

4. Seasonal Religious Holiday Decorations. Seasonal religious holiday decorations are temporary
   decorations commonly associated with a seasonal holiday, such as Christmas or Diwali lighting,
   Christmas wreaths, and Hanukkah or Kwanzaa seasonal decorations. The Board has the sole discretion
   to determine what items qualify as Seasonal Religious Holiday Decorations. Unless otherwise
   provided by the Declaration, Seasonal Religious Holiday Decorations may be displayed no more than
   30 days before and no more than 21 days after the holiday in question.

5. Other displays. Non-religious displays are governed by other applicable governing document
   provisions.

6. Removal. The Association may remove or cause to be removed any item in violation of the terms and
   provisions of this policy.

                       SECTION VIII. WI-Fl SERVICES IN COMMON AREA

                                  USAGE POLICY & AVAILABILITY

1. The Service. Wi-Fi (the "Service") is offered in the pool area to all Owners free of charge. Device
   must be able to access a web browser to agree to the provider's Terms and Conditions and enter a
   Code in order to function. An Owner using the Service is referred to herein as a "User".

2. User Agreement. All Users must agree to the Terms of Use with every login or may not use the
   Service. The Terms of Use that follow below shall be the basis for the Terms of Use presented at login,
   and shall be a part of these Rules and are expressly incorporated into the Rules. The exact language of
   the Terms of Use presented at login may change from time to time without notice; users 'should read
   the Terms of Use with every login, as accepting the Terms of Use is a binding legal agreement.

3. Illegal Activities. User shall not use the Wi-Fi network for any illegal activities.

4. Fte_grin . User understands that the Association may but has no duty to filter access to certain sites,
   limit bandwidth, limit connection upload and download speeds, and monitor traffic.

5. No Guarantees or Representations. Association makes no guarantees or representations as it relates to
   where the Wi-Fi network will work within the community.

6. Network Speed. Association makes no guarantees or representations as it relates to the speed of the
   network. Association cannot control or predict Services being provided by Service provider.

7. Ultimate Responsibility. User is ultimately responsible for any violations, fines and/or fees incurred as
   it relates to improper use of the network, including by his tenants, residents, guests or invitees.

8. Association Not Responsible. The Association is not responsible for monitoring Users' online activity
   and thus the Association shall not be held responsible for any fees, fines, issues, theft, illegal activities,
   etc. that may arise from using the Service.


                                                       8
                              2024121111 Page 11 of 35




9. Right to Modify. Association reserves the right to modify connection speeds, set maximum speeds,
   and throttle the bandwidth being provided at any time without notice.

10. Right to Cancel or Suspend. Association reserves the right to cancel and/or suspend all Services
    within the community without notice, including suspending Service to Owners who are in violation of
    the governing documents of the community, including Owners who are delinquent in paying any sums
    due to the Association.

11. Security Risks. User understands there are security risks with using the Service. User should ensure
    their machine is secured. Association will not be responsible in the event un-authorized access occurs
    while using the Service. It is recommended Users ensure their system is patched and running proper
    security software.

12. Login. Login should not be shared with anyone outside of your residence. Login is for the exclusive
    use of residents and their guests.

13. Technical Support. The Association does NOT provide technical support for Services as it relates to
    connection issues, securing a machine, etc.

14. Service Down. In the event the entire connection is down please notify the Association's managing
    agent.

15. Maintenance. Association will use best efforts to maintain the Service but makes no guarantees
    relating to uptime.

                                     Internet Service Terms of Use

By using the Wi-Fi services provided by the association (the "Service") you agree to be bound by
these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, disconnect from and stop using this
Internet Service. This Service is provided for owners and residents of SCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL
OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC. THIS IS A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT (this "Agreement").
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS
SERVICE. This Agreement governs your use of this Service (collectively, the "Service") and is by and
between SCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC. (referred to herein as
"PROVIDER", "Association", "we", "us", or "our") and you, on behalf of yourself and everyone you
represent ("you").

By using, viewing, transmitting, caching, storing and/or otherwise utilizing the Service, the Services or
functions offered in or by the Service and/or the contents viewable through the Service in any way, you
have agreed to each and all of the terms and conditions set forth below, and waive any right to claim
ambiguity or error in this Agreement. If you do not agree to each and all of these terms and conditions
please do not use the Service and leave the Service immediately. We reserve the right, at our sole and
absolute discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time without notice
and, unless otherwise indicated, such changes will become effective immediately; therefore, please check
these terms periodically for changes. Your continued or subsequent use of the Service following the posting
of changes to this Agreement will mean you accept those changes. Please print and retain a copy of this
Agreement, as it may be changed from time to time, for your records.

ELIGIBILITY:

The Service is available only to residents of the Association that can form legally binding contracts under
applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, the Service is not available to minors without consent and
supervision of a parent or guardian. If you do not qualify, you are NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THIS
SERVICE.



                                                    9
                               2024121111 Page 12 of 35




The association may choose to provide wireless and/or wired Internet Service in the pool area and/or other
areas. The Service is provided as a convenience to owners and residents and may not be available at all
times. The Internet Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Access to the Service in some
areas may be limited or unavailable. The association may decide to terminate or make changes to this
Service at any time. Any owners that must rely on having full time Internet access should secure their own
Internet connection from an Internet Service provider of their choice. Access to the wireless Internet
Service is provided under the following conditions:

a) Internet Service is provided for the use of residents and owners only. Guests may not use the Internet
Service.

b) Use of the Internet Service constitutes your acceptance these mles and any and all revisions. If you do
not agree with these rules your sole and exclusive remedy will be to terminate and discontinue your use of
this Service.

c) You may not use this Service in any manner that may cause harm or injury to other persons or property,
or that may damage the Service. The association reserves the right to cancel or terminate your access to the
Service, at the associations' discretion, if the association determines that you have misused or are misusing
the Service.

d) If you bypass, tamper with or disable any portion of the Service or related equipment, including without
limitation the theft of bandwidth you are in violation of these Terms of Use and the association may
suspend or terminate your use of this Service and you may be subject to additional criminal and civil
penalties.

e) The Service provides you with access to the Internet. You acknowledge that the materials, content and
information available on the Internet such as communications by third parties or links to any sites or
resources, are created and controlled by sources other than the association. The association makes no
warranty regarding such materials, content or information. Under no circumstances shall the association be
held liable for any materials, information, goods, services, or content available on or through the Internet or
accessed by means of the Service, or for any harm related thereto, and any complaints, concerns or
questions you may have relating to such content should be forwarded directly to the responsible source or
sources.

f) If you are younger than 18 years old, then you must obtain the permission of your parent or guardian to
use the Service.

g) Your privacy is very important to the association and we will always endeavor to act in a responsible
manner with respect to any personal information that we may obtain from you. A log of certain
information including IP addresses and ports that you connect to may automatically be collected and
maintained for system performance and maintenance purposes.

h) If you use the Internet Service, you understand that others may be able to see and observe your use of the
Internet Service.

i) The Internet Service has a limited amount of bandwidth that must be shared by all other users at a given
time. We ask that you be respectful of everyone and limit your use of file-sharing Services or other
applications that download or upload high volumes of data. If you routinely use a large amount of
bandwidth this Internet Service is not for you. Residents that use the Internet for high bandwidth
applications should secure their own Internet connection. This Internet Service is for the casual user for
surfing the web, checking email, etc. The association reserves the right to limit the connection speed or
suspend Service to any user it believes, in it's sole discretion, may be using excessive bandwidth that is
degrading the Service quality for other users.

j) The use of peer-to-peer computer file sharing programs (e g , KaZaA, Morpheus, Limewire, iMesh,
Gnuttella, Grokster, and all similar programs and their successors) that are primarily employed to share


                                                      10
                               2024121111 Page 13 of 35




copyrighted works is prohibited on this Internet Service. Where possible, banned file swapping may be
intercepted and blocked by network control systems. The use of methods designed to evade that blocking is
prohibited and may result in permanent termination of your use of this Internet Service. The use of a
peer-to-peer file-sharing program is grounds for your access to this Service to be terminated
indefinitely without warning, and is a violation of Association Rules, and appropriate enforcement
action in the form of fines or other legal remedies may be taken.

k) In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the association forbids the copying,
distribution, downloading, and uploading of copyrighted materials on any personal or computer system
connected to this Internet Service. These materials include, but are not limited to, text (including e-mails
and web information), graphics, art, photographs, music, film, and software.

I) If you use the Internet Service, you understand that others may be able to access your computer or view,
copy, modify, delete or damage files on your computer. It is your responsibility to make sure your
computer is setup with a firewall and your hardware & software are configured properly to protect it from
other users of the Internet Service. The association and its equipment will not protect you from other
potentially malicious persons from accessing your computer. This is your responsibility. If you don't
know how to protect your computer properly, do not use the Internet Service.

m) Users may not connect access points or retransmit access to this network' without the express written
consent of the association.

n) The association does not make any warranty that the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or
error free or that software defects will be corrected or that this site or the server that makes it available is
free of viruses or other harmful components.

o) If you use the Internet Service, you understand that the association and management company do not
provide assistance or technical support connecting your computer to the Internet. You are responsible for
setting up your own equipment.

DIGITAL SIGNATURE PROVISIONS:

You represent and warrant that you have the legal right, power and authority to agree to the terms of this
Agreement on behalf of yourself and anyone you represent participating in the Service. You further agree
that your use constitutes an electronic signature as defined by the Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act ("E-Sign") and the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act ("UETA") and that you
have formed, executed, entered into, accepted the terms of and otherwise authenticated this Agreement and
acknowledged and agreed that this Agreement is an electronic record for purposes of E-Sign, UETA and
the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act and as such is completely valid, has legal effect, is
enforceable, and is binding on, and non-refutable by you and the member, buyer or supplier on whose
behalf you are acting.

ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSIONS, INCLUDING THE INTERNET, ARE PUBLIC MEDIA, AND ANY
USE OF SUCH MEDIA IS PUBLIC AND NOT PRIVATE. INFORMATION RELATED TO OR
ARISING FROM SUCH USE IS PUBLIC, OR THE PROPERTY OF THOSE COLLECTING
INFORMATION, AND NOT PERSONAL OR PRIVATE INFORMATION.

YOU AGREE THAT YOU USE THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE CONTENT, SERVICES
AND MATERIALS IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
ON AN "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.

INDEMNIFICATION:

You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for all activities that
occur under your usage of the Service. You hereby indemnify, defend and hold Association and their


                                                       1I
                                2024121111 Page 14 of 35




owners, partners, representatives, board members, and each of such person's or entities' officers,
directors, agents, contractors, subcontractors, guests, residents, visitors, licensees, invitees, permitees
and employees (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all
allegations, demands, claims, liabilities, damages, fines, penalties or costs of whatsoever nature
(including reasonable attorneys' fees) and whether by reason of death of or injury to any person or
loss of or damage to any property or otherwise ("Claims") arising out of or in any way connected
with this Agreement, the Services or products provided to you by the Service or any related act or
failure to act by you and whether or not occasioned or contributed to by the negligence of THE
PROVIDER or any agent or employee of the Indemnified Parties or any of them (except as and to
the extent prohibited by applicable law) or Claims arising from your account,including, without
limitation, any Claims related to infringement by you of the intellectual property rights of any person,
including without limitation, copyright, patent, trade secret, trade mark, artist rights, privacy, publicity or
rights under other intellectual property laws, In the event that any Claim is made or any action or
proceeding is brought against the Indemnified Parties, or any of them, arising out of or connected with this
Agreement, any such Indemnified Party may, by reasonable notice to you, require you, at your expense, to
resist such Claim or take over the defense of any such action or proceeding and employ counsel for such
purpose, such counsel to be subject to the prior written approval of such Indemnified Party, which approval
shall be deemed to have been given hereby in the case of counsel acting for your insurance underwriters
engaged in such resistance or defense. You shall cooperate with us in the defense of any Claim. We reserve
the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject
to indemnification by you.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW:

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WE
BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, COST OF COVER, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, RELIANCE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE
USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE OR THE SERVICES OR FUNCTIONS OF
THE SERVICE OR ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS, THE
SERVICE OR YOUR RELIANCE UPON, THE SERVICE OR THE SERVICES, CONTENT OR
MATERIALS IN, OR FUNCTIONS OF, THE SERVICE, PROVISION OF, OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE
SERVICES, OR INFORMATION, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS
OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE). IN ADDITION, WE HAVE NO DUTY TO UPDATE THE SERVICE OR THE
CONTENTS THEREOF. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL
DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT
PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE SERVICE. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE
SERVICE OR ANY OF THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, MEMBERS, SUPPLIERS AND/OR BUYER
OFFERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH OR ASSOCIATED THEREWITH, AS THE CASE MAY
BE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE
SERVICE.

RELEASE:

BY UTILIZING THE SERVICE, ALL USERS ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE
INDEMNIFIED PARTIES ARE RELEASED, DISCHARGED AND HELD HARMLESS FROM AND
ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ALL ASPECTS
OF THE SERVICE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY ILLNESS, LOSSES, LITIGATION,
PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, PROPERTY DAMAGE, AND CLAIMS BASED ON PUBLICITY
RIGHTS, DEFAMATION, OR INVASION OF PRIVACY, REASONABLE ATT'ORNEYS' FEES AND
COURT COSTS) THAT MAY OCCUR FROM USE OF THE SERVICE OR THE ACCEPTANCE,
POSSESSION, USE OR MISUSE OF INFORMATION, MATERIALS, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS
RELATED THERETO OR ACQUIRED THEREFROM. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT AT ANY TIME
AND WITHOUT LIABILITY TO RESTRICT OR REFUSE ACCESS TO THE SERVICE AND ITS



                                                      12
                              2024121111 Page 15 of 35




SERVICES, CONTENT, MATERIALS AND FUNCTIONS TO ANYBODY. WE FURTHER RESERVE
THE RIGHT TO SEEK ANY FORM OF RELIEF, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
ATTORNEYS' FEES, RELATED TO FRAUDULENT OR ILLEGAL ACTIVITY CONNECTED WITH
THE USE OF THE SERVICE.

                               SECTION IX. RECORD PRODUCTION

1. Effective Date. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary and regardless of date of adoption of
    these Rules, the effective date of this Section is January 1, 2012.
2. Conflict with Other Provisions. Per state law, this Section controls over any provision in any other
    Association governing document to the contrary, including Declaration Section 5.4(f) and Bylaws
    Section 7.4, to the extent of any conflict.

3. Request for Records. The Owner or the Owner's authorized representative requesting Association
    records must submit a written request by certified mail to the mailing address of the Association or
    authorized representative as reflected on the most current filed management certificate. The request
    must contain:

        a.   sufficient detail to describe the books and records requested, and
        b.   an election either to inspect the books and records before obtaining copies or to have the
             Association forward copies of the requested books and records.

4. Timeline for record production.

        a. If inspection requested. If an inspection is requested, the Association will respond within 10
           business days by sending written notice by mail, fax, or email of the date(s) and times during
           normal business hours that the inspection may occur. Any inspection will take place at a
           mutually agreed time during normal business hours, and the requesting party must identify
           any books and records the party desires the Association to copy.

         b. If copies reauested. If copies are requested, the Association will produce the copies within 10
            business days of the request.

         c. Extension of timeline. If the Association is unable to produce the copies within 10 business
            days of the request, the Association will send written notice to the Owner of this by mail, fax,
            or email, and state a date, within 15 business days of the date of the Association's notice, that
            the copies or inspection will be available.

5. Format. The Association may produce documents in hard copy, electronic, or other format of its
    choosing.

6. Charges. Per state law, the Association may charge for time spent compiling and producing all
    records, and may charge for copy costs if copies are requested. Those charges will be the maximum
    amount then allowed by law under the Texas Administrative Code. The Association may require
    advance payment of actual or estimated costs. As of the time of drafting, a summary of the maximum
    permitted charges for common items are:
        a. Paper copies 100 per page
        b. CD - $1 per disc
        c. DVD - $3 per disc
        d. Labor charge for requests of more than 50 pages - $15 per hour (Labor for fewer
             than 50 pages may be charged if any requested documentation is stored at a remote
             location.)
        e. Overhead charge for requests of more than 50 pages - 20% of the labor charge

7. Private Information Exempted from Production. Per state law, the Association has no obligation to


                                                     13
                               2024121111 Page 16 of 35




   provide information of the following types:

        a.   Owner violation history
        b.   Owner personal financial information
        c.   Owner contact information other than the owner's address
        d.   Information relating to an Association employee, including personnel files

8. Existing Records Only. The duty to provide documents on request applies only to existing books and
    records. The Association has no obligation to create a new document, prepare a summary of
    information, or compile and report data.

                                 SECTION X RECORD RETENTION

1. Effective Date. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary and regardless of the date of adoption of
    these Rules, the effective date of this Section relating to record retention is January 1, 2012.

2. Conflict with Other Provisions. Per state law, this Section controls over any provision in any other
    Association governing document to the contrary, including Declaration Section 5.4(f), to the extent of
    any conflict.

3. Record Retention. The Association will keep the following records for at least the following time
    periods:
        a. Contracts with terms of at least one year; 4 years after expiration of contract
        b. Account records of current Owners; 5 years
        c. Minutes of Owner meetings and Board meetings; 7 years
        d. Tax returns and audits; 7 years
        e. Financial books and records (other than account records of current Owners); 7 years
         f. Governing documents, including Articles of Incorporation/Certificate of Formation, Bylaws,
             Declaration, Rules, and all amendments; permanently

4. Other Records. Records not listed above may be maintained or discarded in the Association's sole
    discretion.

                                   SECTION XI. PAYMENT PLANS

1. Eligibility for Payment Plan.
    Standard Payment Plans.An Owner is eligible for a Standard Payment Plan (see Rule (3) below) only
    if:
        a. The Owner has not defaulted under a prior Payment Plan with the Association in the prior 24-
            month period;

         b. The Owner requests a Payment Plan no later than 45 days after the Association sends notice
            to the Owner via certified mail, return receipt requested under Property Code §209.0064
            (notifying the owner of the amount due, providing 45 days for payment, and describing the
            options for curing the delinquency). It is the Owner's responsibility to confirm that the
            Association has received the Owner's request for a Payment Plan within this 45-day period.
            It is recommended that requests be in writing; and

         c. The Association receives the executed Standard Payment Plan and the first payment within 15
            days of the Standard Payment Plan being sent via email, fax, mail, or hand delivered to the
            Owner.

     Other Payment Plans.An Owner who is not eligible for a Standard Payment Plan may still request
     that the Association's Board grant the Owner an alternate payment plan. Any such request must be
     directed to the person or entity currently handing the collection of the debt (i.e., the property manager


                                                     14
                             2024121111 Page 17 of 35




    or Association's attorney). The decision to grant or deny an alternate Payment Plan, and the terms and
    conditions for any such plan, will be at the sole discretion of the Association's Board.

2. Standard Payment Plans. The terms and conditions for a Standard Payment Plan are:
        a. Tenn. Standard Payment Plans are for a term of six (6) months.

        b. Payments.Payments will be made at least monthly and will be roughly equal in amount or
            have a larger initial payment (small initial payments with a large balloon payment at the end
            of the term are not allowed). Payments must be received by the Association at the designated
            address by the required dates and may not be rejected, returned or denied by the Owner's
            bank for any reason (i.e., check returned NSF).

        c. Assessments and other amounts coming due during plan. The Owner will keep current on all
             additional assessments and other charges posted to the Owner's account during the term of the
             Payment Plan, which amounts may but need not be included in calculating the payments due
             under the plan.

        d. Additional charges.The Owner is responsible for reasonable charges related to negotiating,
             preparing and administering the Payment Plan, and for interest at 18 percent, all of which
             shall be included in calculating the total amount due under the plan and the amount of the
             related payments. The Owner will not be charged late fees or other charges related to the
             delinquency during the time the Owner is complying with all terms of a Payment Plan.

        e. Contact information.The Owner will provide relevant contact information and keep same
             updated.

         f. Additional conditions.The Owner will comply with such additional conditions under the plan
             as the Board may establish.

                                                                                                   l
         g. Default.The Owner will be in default under the plan if the Owner fails to comply with Ky
             requirements of these Rules or the Payment Plan agreement.

3. Account Sent to an Attorney/Agent for Formal Collections. An Owner does not have the right to a
    Standard Payment Plan after the 45-day timeframe referenced in Paragraph 2(b). Once an account is
    sent to an attorney or agent for collection, the delinquent Owner must communicate with that attorney
    or agent to arrange for payment of the debt. The decision to grant or deny the Owner an alternate
    Payment Plan, and the terms and conditions of any such plan, is solely at the discretion of the Board.
4. Default. If the Owner defaults under any Payment Plan, the Association may proceed with any
    collection activity authorized under the governing documents or state law without further notice. If the
    Association elects to provide notice of default, the Owner will be responsible for all fees and costs
    associated with the drafting and sending of such notice. All late fees and other charges that otherwise
    would have been posted to the Owner's account may also be assessed to the Owner's account in the
    event of a default.
    Any payments received during a time an Owner is in default under any Payment Plan may be applied
    to out-of-pocket costs (including attorneys fees for administering the plan), administrative and late
    fees, assessments, and fines (if any), in any order determined by the Association, except that fines will
    not be given priority over any other amount owed but may be satisfied proportionately (e.g. a $100
    payment may be applied proportionately to all amounts owed, in proportion to the amount owed
    relative to other amounts owed).

5. Board Discretion. To the extent allowed by law, the Association's Board may vary the obligations
    imposed on Owners under these Rules on a case-by-case basis as it may deem appropriate and
    reasonable, including lengthening or shortening the standard Payment Plan terms, provided state law



                                                     15
                              2024121111 Page 18 of 35




    minimum and maximum terms are complied with. No such action shall be construed as a general
    abandonment or waiver of these Rules, nor vest rights in any other Owner to receive a Payment Plan at
    variance with the requirements set forth in these Rules.
6. Legal Compliance. These Payment Plan Rules are intended to comply with the relevant requirements
    established wider Texas Property Code §209. In case of ambiguity, uncertainty, or conflict, these
    Rules shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with all such legal requirements.
                                       SECTION /U1. VOTING

1. Conflict with Other Provisions. Per state law, this Section controls over any provision in any other
   Association governing document to the contrary, including Bylaws Sections 4.3-through 4.6, to the
   extent of any conflict. The Board may dictate the form for all proxies, ballots, or other voting
   instruments or vehicles. No form other than the form put forth by the Board will be accepted.

2. Voting Methods. In addition to voting methods allowed by the Association's governing documents,
   notwithstanding any language in the governing documents to the contrary, per state law, the Board
   may in its discretion allow voting rights of Owners to be exercised in any one or more of the following
   manners: in person by proxy, by absentee ballot, or by electronic ballot.

3. Form of Proxy or Ballot. The Board may dictate the form for all proxies, ballots, or other voting
   instruments or vehicles. No form other than the form put forth by the Board will be accepted.

4. Absentee and Electronic Ballots. Any absentee ballot must contain notice language as required by
   state law. Any absentee or electronic ballot will be counted for quorum purposes only for items
   appearing on the ballot. Any vote cast as a meeting of the Association will supersede any absentee
   ballot or electronic ballot submitted by the Owner for that proposal. Any vote cast by absentee or
   electronic ballot will not be counted if the proposal voted on differs from the exact language on the
   absentee or electronic ballot.

                         SECTION XIII. NOTICE OF BOARD MEETINGS

1. Effective Date. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary and regardless of date of adoption of
    these Rules, the effective date of this Section IX is January 1, 2012.

2. Conflict with Other Provisions. Per state law, this Section IX controls over any provision in any other
    Association governing document to the contrary, including Bylaws Sections 6.8 though 6.10, to the
    extent of any conflict.

3. Notice of Board Meetings. Except as otherwise provided in these Rules, all regular and special Board
    meetings must be open to Owners, and notice of all regular and special Board meetings will be given
    either:

         a. By mail to all Owners, at least 10 but no more than 60 days in advance of the meeting; OR
         b. By, at least 72 hours in advance of any meeting:
               i.     Either posting notice in a conspicuous place in the common area (or with the
                      Owner's permission, a conspicuous place on a private lot), or on an Association
                      website, and
              ii.     Emailing notice to all Owners who have registered their email address with the
                      Association in accordance with these Rules.

        Notice pursuant to this Section must contain the date, hour, place, and general subject of the
        meeting, including a general description of any matter to be brought up in executive session.
4. Exception to Notice Requirement. The notice described in (3) above is not required if:




                                                    I6
                             2024121111 Page 19 of 35




        a. The Board meets by telephone, email, or in any alternate manner whereby all directors speak
           their opinion and are heard (or in the opinion/discussion can be read via email) by all other
           directors;
        b. The Board acts by unanimous written consent on routine or administrative matters; or
        c. The meeting is necessary to address an urgent or emergency situation that requires immediate
           action.

    However, notice must be given per paragraph (3) above for any meeting at which the Board takes
    formal action (takes a binding vote) regarding: levying a fine; levying a damage assessment; initiation
    of foreclosure actions; initiation of enforcement actions (except for temporary restraining orders or
    violations involving a health or safety threat; increases in assessments; levying special assessments;
    appeals from denials of ACC approval; or suspending rights of an Owner before the Owner has an
    opportunity to appear before the Board.

5. Surtunaty of Actions Taken Without Board Meeting. Board actions taken without notice given under
   paragraph (3) must be summarized orally at the next Board meeting for which notice under paragraph
   (3) is given, including a summary of any actual or estimated expenditures approved, and documented
   in the minutes of the next noticed Board meeting.

6. Definition of "Meeting"; Work Sessions. A meeting or other gathering at which one or more Board
   members is present is not a Board meeting for purposes of this Rule unless formal action is taken, do
   not require notice and need not be open to Owners.

7. Executive Session, The Board has the right to adjourn a Board meeting and reconvene in a closed
   executive session for issues involving personnel matters, pending or threatened litigation, contract
   negotiations, enforcement actions, confidential attorney communications, matters involving the
   invasion of Owners' privacy, or matters that are to remain confidential by request of the affected
   parties and agreement of the Board. Decisions made in executive sessions must be summarized orally
   in general terms, including any expenditures approved, and recorded in the minutes.

                                  SECTION XIV. TRANSFER FEES

I. Transfer Feel In addition to fees for issuance of a resale certificate and any updates or re-issuance of
    the resale certificate pursuant to Texas Property Code Ch. 207, transfer fees are due upon the sale of
    any property in accordance with the then-current fee schedule, including any fee charged by the
    Association's managing agent associated with a transfer of property. It is the owner/seller's
    responsibility to determine the then-current fees. Transfer fees not paid at or before closing are the
    responsibility of the purchasing owner and will be assessed to the owner's account accordingly. The
    association may require payment in advance for issuance of any resale certificate or other transfer-
    related documentation.

    If a resale certificate is not requested and a transfer occurs, all fees associated with the transfer,
    including association record update fees will be the responsibility of the new owner and may be
    assessed to the unit's account at the time the transfer becomes known. These fees will be set according
    to the then-current fee schedule of the association or its managing agent, and may be equivalent to the
    resale certificate fee or in any other amount.

    The Association's fee schedule may include (without limitation) fees related to: issuance of a resale
    certificate, questionnaires requested from lenders/title companies, statements of account, resale
    certificate updates, working capital fee due at closing, or other such fees."


                                 SECTION XV. EMAIL ADDRESSES

I. Email Addresses. An Owner is required to keep a current email address on file with the Association if
    the Owner desires to receive email communications from the Association. Failure to supply an email


                                                    17
                               2024121111 Page 20 of 35




    address to the Association or to update the address in a manner required by these Rules may result in
    an Owner not receiving Association emails. The Association has no duty to request an updated
    address from an Owner, in response to returned email or otherwise. The Association may require
    Owners to sign up for a group email, email list serve or other such email subscription service in order
    to receive Association emails.

2. Updating Email Addresses. An Owner is required to notify the Association when email addresses
    change. Such notice must be in writing and delivered to the Association's managing agent by fax,
    mail, or email. This notice must be for the sole purpose of requesting an update to the Owner's email
    address. For example, merely sending an email from a new email address, or including an email
    address in a communication sent for any other purpose other than providing notice of a new email
    address, does not constitute a request to change or add the Owner's email in the records of the
    Association.

              SECTION XVI. COVENANT ENFORCEMENT AND FINING POLICY

                                    Summary of Enforcement Policy

1.Send Courtesy Warning Letter (curable violations only - optional)
2. Send 209 Violation Notice (In accordance with Texas Property Code Ch. 209)
3. Levy fines and/or damage assessments as appropriate
4. Subsequent Violation Notices (optional)

The Board may vary from this policy on a case-by-case basis so long as the enforcement process meets
state law requirements. Variances may include sending no Courtesy Warning Letter, sending more than
one, and/or setting fines at levels other than as indicated on the Standard Fine Schedule.

1. Types of Violations and Acts Covered. The Board has adopted this policy to address situations
   where an owner has committed or is responsible for a violation of the deed restrictions other than, by
   failing to pay assessments or other sums due to the Association. Delinquency violations are handled
   by an alternate process. This policy also covers situations where an owner or someone the owner is
   responsible for has damaged Association property.

2. Violation Notices.

        i.   Courtesy Warning Letter (curable violations only). Upon becoming aware of a deed
             restriction violation that is curable (see Section 3(i) below) and at the sole option of the Board
             or management professional, the Association may send a Courtesy Warning Letter requesting
             that the owner cure that violation by a date certain to avoid fines or other enforcement action.

       ii.   209 Violation Notice. If a violation is not cured in response to any Courtesy Warning Letter
             or if a Courtesy Warning Letter is not sent, the Board, in addition to all other available
             remedies, may:

                  a. Levy a fine;
                  b. Suspend the owner's right to use common area, if allowed under the governing
                     documents; and/or
                  c. Charge the owner for damage to common area.

             Any such action shall be initiated by sending a 209 Violation Notice to the owner. The 209
             Violation Notice shall:

                  a. Be in writing and sent certified mail to the most current owner address shown on the
                     Association's records;
                  b. Describe the violation or property damage at issue;



                                                     18
                             2024121111 Page 21 of 35




                c. State the amount of any fine or property damage charge levied against the owner and
                   the deadline for payment;
                d. If the violation is curable and does not pose a threat to public health or safety, state a
                   reasonable, specific date by which the owner may cure the violation and avoid any
                   fine levied in the 209 Violation Notice; (there is no right to cure if the violation is
                   uncurable, poses a threat to health or safety, or involves damage to property);
                e. Inform the owner that he has a right to request a Board hearing to discuss the
                   enforcement action on or before the 30th day after the notice was mailed to the owner
                   (see Section 6 below);
                f. Inform the owner that he will be responsible for attorney fees and costs incurred in
                   relation to the violation if the violation continues after a specific date; such fees and
                   costs may be assessed to the owner's account after a hearing is held or, if a hearing is
                   not requested, after the deadline for requesting a hearing has passed;
                g. Inform the owner that he may have special rights or relief related to enforcement
                   under federal law, including the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act; and
                h. Otherwise comply with Section 209 of the Texas Property Code and state law.

     iii.   Subsequent Violation Notices for continuing or repeat violations. If an owner has been sent a
            209 Violation Notice for a particular violation and the same violation continues or a similar
            violation is committed within six months of the 209 Violation Notice, the Association may
            levy additional fines either with or without notice to the owner. If it desires to send notice of
            additional fines, the Association shall do so by means of a Subsequent Violation Notice. A
            Subsequent Violation Notice may be of any form and sent in any manner, as such notices are
            not required to comply with Section 209 of the Texas Property Code, including the
            requirements set forth in Section 2(ii) above.

3. 209 Violation Notices — Curable vs. Uncurable Violations.

       i.   Curable Violation. Curable violations are those that are ongoing or otherwise can be remedied
            by affirmative action. The following is a non-exhaustive list of curable violations: ongoing
            parking violations; maintenance violations; failing to construct improvements or
            modifications in accordance with approved plans and specifications; and ongoing noise
            violations such as a barking dog.

      ii.   Uncurable Violation. Uncurable violations include those that are not of an ongoing nature,
            involve conditions that otherwise cannot be remedied by affirmative action, and those that
            pose a threat to public health or safety. The following is a non-exhaustive list of uncurable
            violations: shooting fireworks, committing a noise violation that is not ongoing, damaging
            common area property, and holding a prohibited gathering.

 4. Categories; Standard Fine Schedule. Below is the Standard Fine Schedule for violations. The
     Board may vary from this schedule on a case-by-case basis (i.e., set fines higher or lower than
    indicated below).

       i.    Categories of restrictive covenants. The general categories of restrictive covenants for
             which the Association may levy fines are (the Association may levy fines for violations of
             the following restrictive covenants of the Association):
                   I.    Declaration, and any amendments thereto;
                   2.    Bylaws, and any amendments thereto;
                   3.    Rules and policies, including design guidelines, and any amendments thereto;
                         and
                   4.    Articles of Incorporation or Certificate of Formation of the Association, and any
                          amendments thereto.




                                                    19
                                       2024121111 Page 22 of 35




       ii.      Curable Violations - Initial Fine. If an owner is sent a 209 Violation Notice for a curable
                violation and cures that violation by the deadline in such notice, any fine levied in the 209
                Violation Notice shall be waived. If the owner fails to cure the violation by the deadline, any
                fine levied in the 209 Violation Notice shall be imposed after the time has lapsed for the
                owner to request a Board hearing, or, if a hearing is timely requested, after the date the
                hearing is held and a decision is made to uphold the fine.

       iii.     Uncurable Violations - Initial Fine/damage assessment. A fine or property damage
                assessment may be imposed in a 209 Violation Notice for an uncurable violation, regardless
                of whether the owner subsequently requests a Board hearing.

       iv.      Subsequent Fines. This Section 4 does not apply to fines levied after the initial fine. (See
                Section 2(iii) - Subsequent Violations, above).

5. Standard Fine Schedule. Below is the Standard Fine Schedule for deed restriction violations. The
     Board may vary from this schedule on a case-by-case basis (i.e., set fines higher or lower than
     indicated below), so long as that decision is based upon the facts surrounding that particular violation.
     The Board also may change the fine amounts in this Standard Fine Schedule at any time by resolution,
     with no need to formally amend this Enforcement Policy.

         i.     Curable Violations.

                  a.      Courtesy Warning Notice:                  No fine.

                  b.       209 Violation Notice:                    $25.00 fine (daily/weekly or one-time); and/or
                                                                    Suspension of common area usage rights, if allowed
                                                                    under the governing documents.


                  c.       Subsequent Violation Notices: $50.00 fine (daily/weekly or one-time);
                                                         $100.00 fine (daily/weekly or one-time);
                                                         $125.00 fine (daily/weekly or one-time);
                                                         (Increases $25.00 for each additional notice).

          ii.     Uncurable Violations.

                  a.       209 Violation Notice:                    $50.00 fine; or
                                                                    Property damage assessment.

                  b.       Subsequent Violation Notices: $75.00 fine;
                                                         $100.00 fine;
                                                         $125.00 fine;
                                                         (Increases $25.00 for each additional notice).


6. Hearings. If an owner receives a 209 Violation Notice and requests a hearing in a timely manner, that
    hearing shall be held in accordance with Section 209.007 of the Texas Property Code. The Board may

  At the time of adoption of this rule, this provision provided for holding the hearing within 30 days after receipt of the owner's
request, with the Association giving to the owner, at least 10 days before the hearing, (a) a packet containing all documents,
photographs, and communications relating to the matter that the Association intens to introduce at the hearing, if any (failure to meet
this deadline (if the Association intends to introduce documents) entitles the owner to an automatic 15 day postponement] and (b)
written notice of the date, time and place of the hearing, subject to postponement of up to 10 days on either party's request, or longer
by mutual agreement. At the hearing, the Association shall first presnt its case against the owner and the owner is entitled to present it
information relevant to the matter. Either party may appear by representative, and each party has the right to make an audio recording
of the meeting.



                                                                   20
                               2024121111 Page 23 of 35




     impose rules of conduct for the hearing and limit the amount of time allotted to an owner to present his
     information to the Board. The Board may either make its decision at the hearing or take the matter
     under advisement and communicate its decision to the owner at a later date.

7. Authority of agents. The management company, Association attorney, and other authorized agents of
   the Association are granted authority to send violation notices, levy fines according to the Standard
   Fine Schedule, and levy property damage assessments, all in accordance with this Enforcement Policy.
   Such parties may act without any explicit direction from the Board and without further vote or action
   of the Board. The enforcing party shall communicate with the Board and/or certain designated officers
   or agents on a routine basis with regard to enforcement actions. The foregoing notwithstanding, the
   Board reserves the right to make decisions about particular enforcement actions on a case-by-case
   basis at a properly noticed meeting if and when it deems appropriate.

8. Force mows and other self-help enforcement action. Notwithstanding other language herein, the
   management company, Association attorney, and other authorized agents of the Association are
   granted authority to carry out force mows or other self-help remedies on behalf of the Association, in
   accordance with any procedure described in the Declaration or other governing documents.

9. Owners as Responsible Party. If a family member, guest, tenant or invitee of an owner damages
   Association property or commits a violation of the Association's governing documents, the related
   enforcement action shall be taken against the owner, with all related damage assessments, fines, legal
   fees, and other charges levied against that owner and the related lot.

10. Unpaid amounts. Unless otherwise determined by the board, accounts with delinquencies of more
    than 90 days will be referred to Association legal counsel for collection. Upon such referral legal
    counsel is authorized to take whatever action necessary to collect the amounts due including without
    limitation demand letters, lien filing, and foreclosure action, and in the event of bankruptcy,
    appropriate filings and motions and monitoring to protect the Association's interest.

                           SECTION XVII. COLLECTION PROCEDURES

Summary of Collection Process
1.Assessments due within 30 days of due date (or invoice date if no due date stated)
2. interest at 18% charged as of date of delinquency
3. Late fee assessed in an amount determined by the board
4. Courtesy notice sent via email or mail, giving 45 days to pay
5. Certified mail notice sent providing final warning/notice as required by statute
6. Account turned over to attorney for formal collection action

The Board may vary from this policy on a case by case basis, including shortening or lengthening time
periods for payment or eliminating or providing additional courtesy notices, provided that all statutory
notice requirements are met.


Collection policy:

1.   Purpose.The Board of the Association is charged with overseeing the administration of the
     Association, including but not limited to the collection of assessments and other charges from the
     members. Late fees and collection costs may be charged for unpaid amounts. The Association has
     engaged the services of a professional association management company (including all agents of
     management company, "Manager") to perform day-to-day administrative tasks on behalf of the
     Association and may or has engaged a law firm ("Firm") to provide collection services through a
     licensed attorney. The timely collection of assessments is critical to ensuring that the Association can
     remain fully-funded and capable of fulfilling its duties to the members, and as such the Board desires
     that delinquent assessments be collected with a minimum of delay and expense.


                                                     21
                                2024121111 Page 24 of 35




2. Scope. This policy applies to all "Members" of the Association, said Members having a contractual
     obligation to pay assessments and other charges to the Association under the governing documents of
     the Association.
3. The Policy,
        a. Introduction. The Association's primary source of income is Member-paid Assessments, and
           without such income the Association cannot provide and maintain the facilities and services
           that are critical to the quality of life of Association residents and the protection of property
           values. The Association has experienced, and expects to continue to experience, situations in
           which Members are delinquent in their obligation to pay Assessments or Members are
           otherwise in violation of the governing documents. Therefore the Board has adopted, and by
           these presents does hereby adopt, the Assessment Collection and Enforcement Policy set forth
           below.

             Per the Declaration the Association may collect, and has a lien for all amounts due, including
             assessments, fees, interests, costs, and attorney's fees. The Association further has a lien for
             all costs of self-help remedies (Declaration §7.04(E)).

         b. Due Dates. All Assessments and other amounts due are due within 30 days of the due date, or
            if none given, within 30 days of the date the related invoice, ledger, or other notice is sent to
            the Member.

         c. NSF Fees. Checks, ACH payments, or other type of payment returned for insufficient funds,
            dishonored automatic bank drafts, or other similar item will result in the assessment of a fee
            determined by the Board from time to time, in the minimum amount of $30. Late fees shall
            also be assessed as appropriate.

4. Delinquency/Collection. Any Assessment or other amount due not paid within 30 days of its due date
    (or if none given, within 30 days of the date the related invoice, ledger, or other notice is sent to the
    Member) shall be deemed Delinquent. Delinquencies shall be handled as follows:
         a. Interest. Late Fees. Collection Costs. Delinquencies may be charged interest on the sum
            owing at the rate of 18% per annum, until paid in MI. In addition to interest a late fee in an
            amount as determined from time to time by the Board may be assessed. The owner is
            responsible for all costs of collection including attorneys' fees.

         b. Courtesy Notice of Delinquency. Once an Assessment or other amount due becomes
            Delinquent, the Association, acting through its Board, managing agent, or some other Board
            designee, will email or mail a written notice to the related Member reminding him or her of
            the amount owed and requiring that it be paid immediately — no later than 45 days after the
            date of the letter.

         c. Final Letter After Courtesy Notice. If payment in full or other mutually-satisfactory payment
            arrangements are not timely made in response to the courtesy notice, the Association, acting
            through its managing agent, shall send notice via certified mail, return receipt requested and
            otherwise complying with the requirements of Texas Property Code §209.0064 (including
            giving the owner a final 30 days to cure the delinquency prior to the account being turned
            over to an attorney.)

         d. Formal Collection Action. After the expiration of the cure period provided by law
            (§209.0064, Texas Property Code), the account shall be turned over to the Association's
            attorney to initiate formal collection action. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, all
            attorney collection action is pre-authorized, including but not limited to sending a demand
            letter, filing of a Notice of Lien or similar instrument in the Official Public Records, and
            initiating and carrying out a foreclosure of the Association's lien against the Lot, all in
            accordance with state-law notice and procedural requirements.



                                                     22
                                      2024121111 Page 25 of 35




                The Board of Directors of the Association is charged with the duty of overseeing the
                administration of the Association, including but not limited to the collection of assessments
                and other charges from the members. The timely collection of assessments is critical to
                ensuring that the Association can remain fully funded and capable of fulfilling its duties to the
                members, and as such the Board desires that delinquent assessments be collected with a
                minimum of delay. This standardized collection policy is in the best interest of ensuring that
                collection procedures are applied consistently.

          e. Power of Sale. In conjunction with the Association's authority granted by the Declaration to
             foreclose its lien, the Association is vested with a power of sales. The President of the
             Association may act as trustee for any such sale and is granted the authority to designate one
             or more agents and/or substitute trustees to exercise the Association's power of sale in
             conjunction with foreclosure of the Association's lien.

           f.   Authority to Vary from Policy. In handling Delinquent amounts due, the Board of Directors
                retains the authority to vary from this Assessment Collection Policy as may be appropriate
                given the particular facts and circumstance involved, so long as the related action is in
                compliance with the Declaration and State law. Variances from policy may include adding
                additional courtesy letters, or omitting a courtesy letter, provided that at minimum all notice
                requirements of state law are met.

           g. Payment plans. Payment Plans shall be offered as described in the Association's Payment
              Plan Rule.

           h. Managing agent authorization. The Board Board hereby authorizes Manager and any
              successor management companies/management company agents retained by the Association
              with the authority to communicate with any Firm engaged by the Association with regard to
              collection activity, and the Board hereby authorizes, once the account is turned over to the
              Firm, for all successive collection steps to be carried out by the Firm on behalf of the
              Association should amounts remain unpaid, without further vote or action of the Board. This
              authority includes without limitation all statutorily-required notices, all title searches, lien
              filing, and other steps consistent with Firm's standard collection protocols. This authority
              notwithstanding, Manager, and any successor management company, shall communicate with
              the Board and/or certain designated officers on a regular basis with regard to collection
              actions, and the Board reserves the right to establish policies with regard to collection efforts
              generally and to make decisions about particular collection actions on a case-by-case basis if
              and when it deems appropriate. The Board may terminate collection action on any owner
              account at any time.

           i.    To the fullest extent allowed by law, any payment received by or on behalf of the from, or on
                 behalf of, an Owner whose account reflects an unpaid balance may be applied to all non-
                 assessment items first (attorney fees, violation fines, late charges, interest, other cost of
                 collections, etc.) and then to special and annual assessments and last to regular assessments.


                                   SECTION XVIII. COMMON AREA REPAIRS

1. For emergency repairs, manager or any board member may authorize. For emergency repairs, defined
    as those perceived to be necessary to prevent possible or further damage to persons or property, the
    association manager or any board member is preauthorized to approve and perform (cause to be


 Per the Declaration, foreclosure can be in a like manner as a mortgage (Tex Prop Code §51.002) or judicially.
6This includes without limitation account set up, 30.day demand letter, response to Fair Debt Collection Act dispute letter, lien filing,
lien release, payment plan administration, title reports, notice of intent to foreclose (notice of default statutory lien), foreclosure
petition filing, and foreclosure sale.



                                                                  23
                                2024121111 Page 26 of 35




    performed) such work. Board members, before carrying out an emergency repair, must attempt to
    contact the managing agent. Ideally the managing agent should coordinate all repairs, but in all
    emergency situations it is recognized that this may not always be possible.

2. Non-emergency repairs under $500, manager or President may authorize. For non-emergency repairs
   estimated to be under $500, the manager is preauthorized to approve and perform (or cause to be
   performed) such work. Additionally, the President is preauthorized to approve repairs of this type and
   direct the manager to cause them to be performed. A majority vote of the board may also approve such
   repairs.

3. Non-emergency repairs over $500, President may authorize. For non-emergency repairs estimated to
   be over $500, the President of the board is authorized to approve repairs of this type and direct the
   manager to cause them to be performed. A majority vote of the board may also approve such repairs.

4. General expenditures (not related to repair, e.g. food for Association functions) of under $500 may be
   authorized by the Association President.

5. Pre-budgeted expenditures (of any dollar amount) may be authorized by the President.

6. New improvements, or unbudgeted expenditures not falling into categories (1)-(4) above, require board
   approval. New improvements (not repair, replacement or maintenance of an existing item, but
   construction of a new item not previously in place) and unbudgeted expenditures not falling into
   categories (1)-(4) above require majority vote of the board except when necessary to comply with
   applicable law, in which case the President may approve such improvements.

    Failure to follow the procedure outlined herein shall not affect the association's obligation to pay a
    service provider providing services in good faith, or impose an obligation on the association to `tin-do"
    any work not properly authorized. However any known violation of this policy must be documented in
    the minutes, and may be considered as grounds to remove an officer violating the policy from his
    office. If the board by majority vote of disinterested members finds that a director acted in bad faith in
    violation of this policy, this shall also be recorded in the minutes of the association, and the association
    shall consult with its legal counsel as to any appropriate legal remedies.

                       SECTION XIX. STANDBY ELECTRIC GENERATORS

1. General. Unless otherwise approved in writing by the Architectural Control Committee (the "ACC"),
    which approval may be denied, approved, or approved with conditions, an Owner may not install a
    standby electric generator except in compliance with this rule.

2. Scope of Rule. A standby electric generator is the only device that may be used to provide backup
    electric service to a residence. A "standby electric generator" means a device that converts mechanical
    energy to electric energy and is:

         a. Powered by natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, diesel fuel, or hydrogen;
         b. Fully enclosed in an integral manufacturer-supplied sound attenuating enclosure;
         c. Connected to the main electrical panel of a residence by a manual or automatic transfer
            switch;
         d. Rated for a generating capacity of not less than seven (7) kilowatts; and
         e. Permanently installed on a lot.

3. Conflict with Other Provisions. Per state law, this rule relating to standby electric generators controls
    over any contrary provision in the Association's governing documents.

4. Prior Approval Required. Prior to the installation of any standby electric generator or any part thereof,
     an owner must receive written approval of the ACC. Owners wishing to install standby electric



                                                      24
                              2024121111 Page 27 of 35




    generators must submit plans and specifications to the ACC. The following requirements apply to
    plans and specifications:

        a. An owner must provide a reasonably accurate and scaled schematic of the lot showing the
           property boundaries of the lot and the location of the residence, other permanent structures,
           fencing, and any adjoining streets. The schematic must also contain a scaled drawing of the
           generator at the proposed location, and indicate the distance (in feet and inches) from the
           closest rear and side lot line.
        b. All other applicable information typically required by the Association for architectural
           approval (e.g., color samples, samples of screening materials, etc.) and necessary to ensure
           compliance with this rule must also be provided.

5. Installation. The following installation requirements apply to standby electric generators:

         a. Installation must be done in compliance with the manufacturer's specifications and applicable
            governmental health, safety, electrical, and building codes.
         b. All electrical, plumbing, and fuel line connections must be installed by a licensed contractor.
         c. All electrical connections must be installed in accordance with applicable governmental
            health, safety, electric, and building codes.
         d. All natural gas, diesel fuel, biodiesel fuel, or hydrogen fuel line connections must be installed
            in accordance with applicable governmental health, safety, electrical, and building codes.
         e. All liquefied petroleum gas fuel line connections must be installed in accordance with rules
            and standards promulgated and adopted by the Railroad Commission of Texas and other
            applicable governmental health, safety, electrical, and building codes.
         f If a generator uses a fuel tank that is separate from the generator (i.e., the tank is not
            manufactured as an integral part of the generator system), the fuel tank must be installed in
            compliance with municipal zoning ordinances and governmental health, safety, electrical, and
            building codes.

6. Maintenance. The following maintenance requirements apply to standby electric generators:

         a. The generator and its electrical and fuel lines must be maintained in good condition at all
            times, including maintenance that is in compliance with the manufacturer's specifications and
            applicable governmental health, safety, electric, and building codes.
         b. Any deteriorated or unsafe component of a standby electric generator, including electrical and
            fuel line, must be promptly repaired, replaced, or removed.
         c. A generator may be tested for preventative maintenance only between 9:00AM and 6:00PM
            and not more frequently than suggested by the manufacturer.

7. Location. The following requirements apply to the location of a standby electric generator:

         a. Generators must be located in the rear yard area of the lot (behind the rear-most building line
            of the home). The generator may not be visible from a street, any common area, or the
            ground level of another lot unless it is screened in compliance with section 8.
         b. The ACC may, in its sole discretion, grant a variance to allow the generator to be located in
            an area other than as described in subsection (a) if the ACC deems that a variance is
            appropriate as a result of topographical or other issues and a plan for adequate screening of
            the generator is submitted and approved.
         c. The ACC will grant a variance allowing the generator to be installed in a location other than
            as required under subsection (a) if the owner can document in a format reasonably acceptable
            to the ACC that locating the generator in the rear yard will increase the installation cost by
            more than 10% or increase the cost of installing and connecting fuel lines by more than 20%.
            Even if such a variance is granted, the screening requirements outlined in section 8 must be
            met.
         d. Generators are expressly prohibited from being located on Association common areas or any
            other areas maintained by the Association.


                                                     25
                               2024121111 Page 28 of 35




        e. No portion of the generator may be installed within any applicable setback.

8. Screening. Owners must completely screen a standby electric generator from view if the generator is:
         a. Visible from the street faced by the dwelling;
         b. Located in an unfenced side or rear yard of a residence and is visible either from an adjoining
              residence or from adjoining property owned or maintained by the Association; or
         c. Located in a side or rear yard fenced by a wrought iron or residential aluminum fence and is
              visible through the fence either from an adjoining residence or from adjoining property owned
              or maintained by the Association.

    Submitted plans must include as-installed dimensions and types of all landscaping to be used for
    screening and the color, materials, and dimensions of any proposed screening materials and/or
    structures.

9. Allowable Use. A standby electric generator may not be used to generate all or substantially all of the
     electrical power to a residence except when utility-generated electrical power is unavailable or
     intermittent due to causes other than nonpayment for utility service to the residence.

                           SECTION IOC. POOL ENCLOSURE FENCING

I. "Pool enclosure" means a fence that:
         a. surrounds an existing approved water feature including a swimming pool or spa;
         b. consists of transparent mesh or clear panels set in metal frames;
         c. is not more than 6' tall at any point; and
         d. is designed not to be climbable.

2. Subject to this rule, owners may install a pool enclosure around a water feature located solely on
   property wholly owned by the owner.

3. All pool enclosures must be black in color absent express approval of alternate color(s) by the
   architectural reviewing body of the association. The architectural reviewing body may approve an
   alternate color but has no duty to do so.

4. All pool enclosures must consist of transparent mesh set in metal frames absent express approval of an
   alternate construction design by the architectural reviewing body. The architectural reviewing body of
   the association may approve an alternate construction design but has no duty to do so.

5. All pool enclosures must be maintained in a neat and attractive condition.

6. All plans for any pool enclosure must first be submitted to the architectural reviewing body for
   approval and approved by the architectural reviewing body prior to construction. All architectural
   requirements of the dedicatory instruments shall also apply, except to the extent expressly in conflict
   with this rule.

                               SECTION XXI. SECURITY MEASURES

1. General. The following rule outlines the restrictions applicable to security measures in order to permit
   them while also striving to maintain an aesthetically harmonious and peaceful neighbor for all
   neighbors to enjoy. "Security measure" means any improvement designed to prevent criminals' access
   to the home or criminal acts involving the home. In the event of a question as to whether a requested
   installation is a security measure, the answer will be determined by the board in its sole reasonable
   discretion.

2. Cameras. Owners may not place cameras in any area other than their own lot. For example, owners
   may not install cameras in any common area of the association. All cameras must be mounted on the



                                                    26
                                      2024121111 Page 29 of 35




     owner's home', may not extend above the lowest portion of the roof line and may not extend from the
     façade of the home more than 2'. Cameras must be oriented so as to capture as little of a neighbor's
     property as reasonably possible°.

3. Perimeter fencing. Perimeter fencing when used in this Section means any ground-mounted fence or
   portion thereof that is installed on near a boundary line of the lot and that is installed in a contiguous
   manner around the entirety of the lot boundaries. Perimeter fencing does not include ornamental
   fencing. Ornamental fencing is defined as any fencing of which any portion thereof is less than 48" in
   height. A gate in a fence is part of the fence for all purposes considered. Except to the extent expressly
   provided in other dedicatory instruments, the association may prohibit any fencing other than perimeter
   fencing. All fencing including perimeter fencing must receive prior written approval from the
   association's architectural review body. With regard to fencing adjacent to a street, alley, or other
   through-way, the association may require a particular setback so as to maintain a more uniform
   aesthetic.

     Unless otherwise approved in writing by the architectural reviewing body, all security fencing in the
     front yard (any portion of fencing in line with or in front of the front-most building line of the home)
     must consist of ornamental wrought iron or metal fencing, all portions of such fencing must be black in
     color, and must have the following specifications: pickets 1.75" square; rails 1.5" square; standard
     posts 2.5" square; picket spacing of at least 3" and not more than 4"; post spacing at least 8' on center,
     height of between 48" and 60"; no ornamentation (for example no picket tops or rail tops); no slats,
     planks, or other solid material.

4. Parameters; Plans and specifications. Prior to installation of any security measure, owners must submit
   plans and specifications including dimensions, colors, materials, and proposed location on the owner's
   lot, scaled in relation to all boundary lines and other improvements on the lot. Plans must be submitted
   to the association's architectural review body, and owners must receive prior written approval prior to
   installation of any improvements. All proposed installations must be of a type, including materials,
   color, design, and location, approved by the architectural reviewing body. The architectural reviewing
   body may require or prohibit the use of specific materials, colors, and designs and may require a
   specific location(s) for the security measure. If the dedicatory instruments do not designate an
   architectural reviewing body (such as an architectural control committee) the approval must be
   received from the board.)

                SECTION XXII. BID PROTOCOL FOR PROJECTS EXCEEDING $50,000

I. In the event that the association proposes to contract for services that contemplate more than $50,000
     in expenditures in a single contract scope of work', the association will solicit bids or proposals in
     accordance with the provisions of this Section. The board or manager acting on behalf of the board
     shall use good faith effort to obtain at least three bids'° for the project based on a consistent scope of
     work presented to the would-be bidders. The board will review any bids and make a final decision on
     to whom to award the contract. Among the factors the board may consider in its discretion when
     making its decision are: experience, reputation, pricing, past dealings, availability, warranties offered,
     ongoing warranties, and any other factor that the board in its reasonable discretion considers relevant.
     The board and manager will be deemed to have used good faith effort to obtain three bids if an agent of
     the association has submitted a bid request to at least three vendors and given each vendor at least
     seven days to submit a bid or proposal. Notwithstanding, multiple bids need not be solicited if after
     good faith efforts multiple service providers cannot be found, or using a different service provider
     would void one or more warranties.


7For example cameras may not be mounted on a pole in the yard.
IFor example Ring-type doorbell cameras often incidentally capture portions of properties across the street. This is not disallowed.
*This protocol is n/a for example to a contract payable monthly which over a number of months or years may eventually result in
$50,000 or more in expenditures.
I° But recognizing that it is not feasible to obtain bids from parties who choose not to bid, is not required to obtain three bids and is
only required to make good faith effort to attempt to do so.



                                                                   27
                                2024121111 Page 30 of 35




                            SECTION XXIII. LEASING INFORMATION

1. To the extent leasing is authorized under other dedicatory instruments, in addition to any other
    information required by any dedicatory instrument to be provided regarding leasing, the following
    information must be provided to the Association within seven days of the owner entering into any lease
    for the owner's property:
         *contact information including name, mailing address, phone number and email address for each
         person who will reside at the property (all tenants and occupants); and
          the commencement date and term of the lease

                                        SECTION XXIV. SIGNS

1. Except as expressly provided in this Section, no signs may be displayed on any Lot so as to be visible
    from another Lot or the common areas.

2. The followings signs are permitted:
         a. One "for sale," "for rent," or other realtor sign per Lot, provided that the sign can be no larger
             than 9 square feet;
         b. One "school support" sign per minor child residing on the Lot, provided that the sign can be
             no larger than 9 square feet;
         c. One alarm company sign, provided that the sign can be no larger than one square foot;
         d. Political advocacy signs supporting a particular candidate or ballot item. Political signs can
             be no greater than four feet by six feet in size (and no greater than 24 square feet total) and
             must be ground-mounted. An owner may only display political signs on property owned by
             him (for example, signs are forbidden in the common area, outside of a fence/lot boundary
             line, etc.). A maximum of one sign per each candidate or ballot item may be displayed on any
             lot. Political signs may only be displayed during the following time period: 90 days before
             the date of the election to which the sign relates, and 10 days after the election date. Only
             signs for candidates and ballot items for a particular election are allowed.

3. The following signs are prohibited:
         • Signs containing roofing material, siding, paving materials, natural or artificial flowers or
             other landscaping items
         • Signs containing one or more balloons
         • Signs with lighting
         • Signs with any building, landscaping, or non-standard decorative components
         • Signs that are attached in any way to landscaping/plant material, a traffic control device, a
             light, a trailer, a vehicle, or any other existing structure or object such as a fence (signs must
             be ground-mounted only)
         • Signs that involve painting of architectural surfaces
         • Signs that threaten the public health or safety (for example, signs that block a driver's view)
         • Signs that contain language, graphics, or any display that would be offensive to the ordinary
             person
         • Signs accompanied by music or other sounds, or by streamers, or that are otherwise
             distracting to motorists

4. The Association may remove and discard any sign displayed in violation of this rule.


                          SECTION XXV. CODE OF CONDUCT

For the benefit of all residents, and in the interest of allowing residents to both express their opinions and
peaceably enjoy their property and common areas, the Board of Directors has adopted this Code of Conduct
as an Association rule.




                                                      28
                                 2024121111 Page 31 of 35




This Code of Conduct provides that Association officers and directors, owners, residents, and guests must
conduct themselves in a civil, non-intimidating, and non-threatening manner when dealing with the
Association's agents (including without limitation its officers, directors, committee members, manager and
other management company agents, employees, contractors, independent contractor service providers, and
other agents), as well as other owners, residents, and guests. No person has the right to abuse, disturb, or
unreasonably annoy another, nor does any person have a duty to tolerate abuse or unreasonable annoyance
or disturbance.

     1. Prohibited conduct.The following conduct is expressly prohibited between or among any of the
        above-described parties:

         a. photographing, recording, or video-taping residents, guests, or agents of the Association
            without their express consent";
         b. verbal abuse, including yelling, name-calling, or similar;
         c. insults, derogatory name-calling, or demeaning comments;
         d. cursing or profanity;
         e. use of slurs of a nature that is racial, ethnic, religious, sexual orientation-related, or gender-
            related;
         f. behavior that a person of ordinary sensibilities would find intimidating, aggressive or
            threatening;
         g. hostile or unwanted touching, physical contact, or threats of physical contact;
         h. sexual harassment or lewd behavior;
         i. sexually suggestive language or other language that is likely to be offensive to a person of
            ordinary sensibilities;
         j. posting any item, including correspondence, on the doors of any other resident or anywhere in
            the community without express written permission from the Board, and placing any item in
            the area of the door(s) of any other resident or anywhere else in the community other than in a
            resident's own property;
         k. correspondence, whether oral, written, or electronic, that is deemed in the Board's or
            manager's sole discretion to be harassing or intimidating (the Board and/or manager may
            without limitation consider the tone, time, and frequency of correspondence, and whether
            previous reply has been given to similar correspondence, in determining whether
            correspondence is harassing or intimidating);
         I. publicly posting in any forum (by way of example and not limitation: via internet, text, mail,
            paper flyer) any comment, statement or remark about an Association employee, officer,
            director or representative that is or may be reasonably interpreted as defamatory, threatening,
            harassing, or intimidating;
         m. calling, texting, or otherwise corresponding with another resident or a director, manager, or
            other agent of the Association after being instructed not to do so;
         n. asking Association or management personnel to perform personal errands;
         o. creating a fire hazard of any sort anywhere in the community;
         p. making loud noises or other engaging in other activity that unreasonably interferes with a
            resident's peaceful enjoyment of the community or is a nuisance;
         q. entering another owner's Unit or that Unit's Limited Common Elements without the Unit
            owner's permission;
         r. depositing trash, clutter, debris, or other objects on another resident's property, on the
            Common Elements, or anywhere other than designated receptacles;
         s. placing any items on any of the General or Limited Common Elements, except as expressly
            authorized by the Declaration, the Rules, or the Board of Directors;
         t. obstructing free passage along sidewalks and doorways, either in person or by use of an
            object;
         u. directly addressing contractors or persons who are performing work around the community in
            a way that the person finds to be intrusive, interfering, harassing, or threatening. Without

It This is not applicable to monitoring equipment installed or maintained by the Association in or around common areas
or to other monitoring equipment approved with written consent of the Board.


                                                         29
                                   2024121111 Page 32 of 35




            limitation, owners may not direct or attempt to direct association's contractors actions in any
            way. Any questions or concerns regarding the work of association service providers must be
            directed to management unless an owner is expressly directed to communication in an
            alternate manner;
         v. interrupting utility service to any part of the community without prior written approval of the
            board or management;
         w. causing damage to any common elements, other units, or the personal property of others that
            is located on the community property;
         x. displaying in any manner weapons such as knives, guns, brass knuckles, or other similar
            items, regardless of whether the display is intended as threatening. All such items may be
            transported to the owners' unit to and from the owner's car as reasonably necessary but at all
            times in a case or other enclosed carrier.
         y. reporting an alleged violation of a building, health or safety code when no such violation exits
            or is substantiated by the code enforcement body.

    2. Requests to leave. Any resident, guest, director or officer who is requested by the Board or
       managing agent to leave the manager's office or an Association facility or meeting shall do so
       immediately.

    3. Communication with the Association Manager or Board. The Board or manager may require, in
       their sole discretion and upon notice to a resident, that all non-emergency communication
       (emergency being immediate threat to persons or property) from the resident or owner be in
       writing and/or in a particular form (such as, without limitation, mail or email).

         Further, the Association may, upon notice to a resident or owner, direct the resident or owner to
         discontinue all non-emergency communications, and may decline to reply to communications
         except as required by law. The Board may require all communications to be through the
         management representative or other Association agent only (may prohibit direct communication
         with directors or officers). For any situation involving immediate threat of physical harm to
         persons, 911 should be contacted.

         When there are multiple owners of a property, the Board may select one of the owners as the
         contact person for all communications. Following notice to the owners that one has been chosen
         as the contact person, that contact person is the only one the that will be deemed authorized to
         communicate with the Association.

    4. Communication from tenants. All communications related to Association matters should come
       from owners rather than their tenants. The Board or manager, in their sole discretion, may decline
       to reply to communications from tenants.

    5. Association employees/contractors. Residents may not instruct, direct, or supervise the
       Association's or manager's employees, agents, or contractors unless otherwise directed to do so in
       writing by the Board. Residents and guests may not harass or interfere with the performance of
       any duties being performed by the Association's or manager's employees, agents, or contractors.

    6. Owner Responsibility. Owners are responsible, and can be fined, for all violations committed by
       residents of their unit, their guests and invitees, as well as their tenant's and their tenant's guests
       and invitees.
    7. Fines/enforcement action. Notwithstanding any other language to the contrary in other Rules, a
       fine in the amount of $100/violation shall apply to each violation of this Code of Conduct, unless
       the Board of Directors determines othenvise12. If an Owner has been cited for a violation of this
       Code of Conduct in the preceding six months, the fine shall increase to $150/violation. In


12The board may in its discretion pass a resolution setting fines for any specific violation case-by-case, at a higher or
lower amount, as it believes appropriate.


                                                          30
                                2024121111 Page 33 of 35




        addition, the Association may invoke any other remedy allowed by its Covenant Enforcement and
        Fining Policy.


                              SECTION XXVI. POOL RULES

                        Pool Address: 12521 Scofield Farms Drive, Austin, TX. 78727

Emergencies should be reported immediately to 911. For non-emergency reporting, please submit reports
to association management. Contact information for association management can be found on
www.scofieldfarms.org.

   In order to help keep our community pool safe and clean, the following pool rules have been approved
   by the Scofield Residential Owners Association (ROA).

       1. The use of the community pool is strictly for Scofield Farms residents and their guests.

                • SF residents must be in good standing with ROA dues
                • SF residents are defined as residents of SF proper, The Park at SF and SF Withers Way
                area. No exceptions.
                • Guests must be accompanied by the SF resident. No exceptions.
                • SF residents may only have up to five guests per card.

       2. You must use your own pool kevcard to enter the pool area. Please remember to bring it
           with you.

                • Residents are prohibited from allowing anyone without a pool key card into the pool
                area.
                • Anyone caught allowing unauthorized entry will lose their own pool privileges.

        3. The pool hours are posted on the pool gate for your convenience. Posted pool hours supersede
            the hours posted in this rule. Entry into the pool area outside posted pool hours is considered
            trespassing and could lead to an arrest and/or conviction applicable by law, in addition to loss
            of pool privileges. If Austin Police issues a trespassing warning, pool privileges will
            automatically be suspended for a period of one year.

    Pool Hours:
                                                                      $.6 i
6 AM — 10 AM                                          6AM             6AM                         6AM          6AM
(lap swimming
onl )
                   10 PM           10 PM              ID PM           10 PM                       10 PM        10 PM

 * Closed for regular maintenance on Mondays from 10 AM to 5 PM (open 6 AM to 10 AM Mondays
for lap swimming)
 **Please note that the pool may close on unscheduled additional times in the event of emergency
 maintenance needs

The swimming pool is closed from November through March. The Scofield Farms HOA Board
determines annual pool opening dates.

   UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ALCOHOL, TOBACCO PRODUCTS, FIREARMS OR
   DRUGS BE PERMITTED IN THE AMENITY CENTER OR SURROUNDING AREAS.


                                                     31
                            2024121111 Page 34 of 35




ANYONE SEEN ENGAGING IN THE USE WILL BE SUBJECT TO LOSS OF PRIVILEGES
FOR A PERIOD OF TIME TO BE DETERMINED BY THE ASSOCIATION BOARD, AND
OTHER LEGAL ACTIONS MAY BE TAKEN IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE AUSTIN
POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE COUNTY CONSTABLE.

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS AND CONDUCT:Any individual(s) who are reported to be/or found
to be in violation of any of the following pool rules will be reported to the Scofield Residential Owners
Association Board and possibly the Austin Police Department and/or County Constable (as applicable).
The nature of the situation will be considered and action(s) toward resolution will be at the Board's
discretion.

     •Use of any facility and equipment provided in the amenity center is at your discretion. Please use
          caution. Swim at your own risk.
     •When lifeguards are on duty, they are the authority at all times. Pool users must obey lifeguards'
          direction at all times. Lifeguards have the authority to require any pool user(s) and their
          guest(s) to leave the pool for rule violation(s).
     •Swim safely and treat others as you would like to be treated. Do not throw items when others are
          nearby. Residents are responsible for the behavior of all members of their household and their
          guests. Please respect teachers and students involved in approved swim lessons.
     •If a fecal accident occurs, the responsible care giver is required to report the contamination to the
          lifeguard immediately, all swimmers must exit the pool immediately, and the pool will be
          closed for a minimum of two (2) hours from the time the pool has been chemically treated.
          The pool will be cleaned, disinfected and tested, and proven to be free from contamination
          before the pool will be reopened. If your child is found to be responsible for a closure due to
          fecal matter, all costs to clean and reopen the pool may be assigned to your family if (and only
          if) the incident is not promptly reported. Lifeguards, when on duty, will supervise the
          evacuation of the pool and report the incident to management. When lifeguards are not on
          duty,incidents should be reported to association management immediately.
     •Persons with open sores, wounds and bandages or communicable diseases should refrain from
          swimming in the pool.
     •Any items lost will be your responsibility. If the loss or find is of great value, please contact
          association management. If the association elects to maintain a lost and found, lost and found
          items may be donated to a local charity at any time.
     •In the event of inclement weather, swimmers must clear the pool during the storm and for at least
          thirty (30) minutes after lightning and/or thunder have ceased. Patrons are welcome to stay in
          the pool area during this time, but are cautioned to stay a safe distance from the water.
     •For lost key replacement information please see FAQs doc on the pool page of the Scofield
          Farms website at www.scofieldfarms.org

Category A — Rules:

     I a. Do not allow others into pool area. Each family must use their own pool card.

     2a. No sitting in or jumping off the lifeguard chairs. Only lifeguards are allowed on the lifeguard
     stand.

     3a. The gates are to remain locked at all times (except during key card entry). The pool can only
     be accessed with a pool key card. Under no circumstances may the gates be propped open. The
     fence and gate that surround the pool area are for resident protection.

     4a. Conduct by any person deemed to be dangerous, unreasonable, or offensive (including
     "horseplay") is not allowed and should be reported to the lifeguard and to association
     management. Pool users must abide by lifeguard warnings and other direction, including any



                                                   32
                           2024121111 Page 35 of 35




    direction to leave the pool. Failure to abide by lifeguard direction may result in loss of pool
    privileges in addition to other enforcement action.

    5a. All pool parties must be registered with association management, there is a nominal fee
    required and a dedicated lifeguard may be required depending on the size of the party.


    Category B — Rules:

    lb. When a lifeguard is not on duty, children under age 14 may not be in the pool without
    supervision by a person aged 18 or older that is a Scofield Residential Owners Association
    resident.

    2b. Proper swim attire is required.

     3b. The baby pool is reserved for children ages five (5) and under. Adult supervision is required at
     all times for children in the baby pool.
     4b. Running, hopping, skipping or speed walking within the pool area is prohibited.

     5b. Under no circumstances shall pets, bicycles, skateboards, scooters or motorized cycles be
     permitted within the pool fences. Roller-skates and/or rollerblades may be carried into the pool
     area and stored with personal belongings but may not be worn within the pool fences.

    6b. Diving from the side of the pool is not permitted.

     7b. No glass containers of any type are allowed in the pool area.

     8b. No smoking allowed anywhere within the pool amenity center.

     9b. Food should be consumed either in the covered area away from the pool or in other sitting
     areas at least six feet away from the pool.

     lob. All trash generated by swimmers must be placed in garbage containers for proper disposal.

     I 1 b. Swimmers must vacate the swim lane when it is in use by a lap swimmer.

     12b. All non-lap swimmers may be required to vacate the pool and wading pool for 10 minutes
     each hour at the lifeguard's request for lifeguard breaks. During that 10-minute interval, lap
     swimmers may swim and lifeguards will tend to regular maintenance requirements. Pool users are
     encouraged to use the restroom during this break.

     13b. No person shall distract a lifeguard who is on the lifeguard stand except in cases of an
     emergency.

     14b. All air-inflated equipment may be used at the discretion of the lifeguards. Exceptions are arm
     floaties and toddler carriers/life preservers.

Any individual who violates the rules outlined in Category A will automatically receive loss of pool
privileges for 30 days. Repeat violations of Category A rules will result in loss of pool privileges for the
rest of the season or longer at the HOA Board's discretion. Repeat violations of Category B rules will
result in documentation and possible loss of pool privileges at the discretion of the board.




                                                   33
