                                                                FILM CO9E
              DOC. MJ.
  .-*
  t     \
                                                           00004925585
' &a-   -yrJ*3g' \ g 7 3 9                                                                   1s:.
            bo I 673q                                        4:Ce PF 5 3 i :      - - ?5.*>?
                                                                                  7   i ~~;:::~
                         bCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA DECLARATION OF
                          COVENRIFTS, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS
                                                                                      5     EZC'
                                                              4:06 Pfi 2 9 5      3 3 32!21ri
        THE STATE OF TEXAS           5                                              iE$,F3-CHt.
                                     g     KNOW ALL MEN'BY THESE PRESENTS: 3:~:07,j:-fi;:::
        COUNTY OF TFiAVIS            5
             WHEREAS, Mellon Properties Company, a Louisiana corporation
        (l1Declarant"), is the owner of . certain
                                            *
                                                     real property, more
        particularly described on m l t A          attached hereto    and
        incorporated herein by reference ("Property"), which Declarant
        proposes to develop and subdivide for residential purposes; and
             WHEREAS, Declarant desires to create and carry out a uniform
        plan for the inprove2ent, development and sale of the Property for
        the benefit of the present and future owners of the Property, and
        to convey the Property subject to certain protective covenants,
        conditions, easements, restrictions, liens and charges hereinafter
        ~ e t
            forth; and
             WHEREAS, Declarant desires to create a honeowner's association
        for the purpose of maintaining certain common areas, administering
        and enforcing these covenants and restrictions, and collecting and
        disbursing the assessments and charges hereinafter created;
              NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby declared (i) that all the
        Property shall be held, sold, conveyed and occupied subject t o the
        following 2asements, restrictions, covenants, and conditions, which
        are for the purpose of protecting the value and desirability of and
        shall run with the Property, shall be binding on all parties h a v i ~ ?
        any right, title, or interest in or to the Property or any pa- ..
        thereof, their heirs, successors, and assigns, and shall inure .L:
        the benefit of each such party; and (ii) that each contract or deed
        which may hereafter be executed with regard to the Property or any
        portioll thereof shall conclusively be held to h ~ v ebean executed,
        delivered and accepted subject to the following easements,
        covenants, conditions and restrictions regardless of whether or not
        the same are set forth or referred to in said contract or deed.

                                          ARTICLE 1
                                         DEFINITIONS
             Unless the conte>rt otherwise specifies or requires, the
        following words and phrases when used herein shall have the
        meanings hereinafter s~ecified.
             1.1   pchitectwal Control Committee. 11Archi2ectur.alControl
        Cornittee"   shall nean the committee created pursuan" to this
        Declaration to review and approve plans for the construction cf
        Improvements upon the Property.
             1.2 . Mchitectural Control Committee Rules. "Architectural
        Control Cornittee Rulesll shall mean the rules and regulations
        adopted by the Architectural Control Committee, as from time to
        time amended.
             1.3   Articles.    "Articles" shall mean the Articles of
        Incorporation of Scofield ~esddential Owners Association, Inc.,
        filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of
        Texas, as from time to time amended.
             1.4   Assessment. lfAssessmentll shall mean such assessments
        as may be levied by the Association under the terns and provisions
        of this Declaration.
     1.5   associatioq.  "Associationtt shall mean Scofield
Residential Owners Association, Inc., a Texas nonprofit
corporation.
     1.6   Board. "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the
Association.
     1.7   Bvlaws.    "Bylaws" shall mean the Bylaws of the
Association adopted by the Board, as from time to time amended.
     1.8   Common Area.      "~o&n    Areaw shall mean. the iand
described on Exhibit B attached hereto and.incorporated herein by
reference, as from time to time modified in accordance with this
Declaration, and which is owned and held by the P-ssociation for the
common'use and enjoyment of the Owners.
     1.9   Declarant. "Declarant" shall mean Mellon Properties
Company, a Louisiana corporation, or its successors or assigns;
provided that any assignment of the rights of Declarant must be
expressly set forth in writing and the mere conveyance of a portion
of the Property without written assignment of the rights of
Declarant shall not be sufficient to constitute an assignment of
the rights of Declarant.
     1.10 Declaration. llDeclarationH
                                    shall mean this instrument,
as from time to time amended.
     1.11   FHA.     "FHA"   shall   mean   the     Federal   Housing
Administration.
     1.12 Im~rovement. "Improvementu shall mean every structure
and all appurtenances thereto of every type and kind, including but
not limited to buildings, outbuildings, storage sheds, patios,
tennis courts, swimming pools, garages, storage buildings, fences,       .r\
screening walls, retaining walls, stairs, decks, landscaping,
poles, signs, exterior air conditioning, water softener fixtures
or equipment, poles, Fumps, wells, tanks, reservoirs, pipes, lines,
meters, antennas, towers, and any facilities used in connection
with water, sewer, gas., electric, telephone, regular or cable
television, or other utilities.
     1.13 Lot. nLotN shall mean any parcel or parcels of land
within the Property shown as a subdivided lot on a Plat of a
Subdivision out of the Property, together with all Improvements
located thereon.
     1.14  Member.    ItMemberM shall mean    any    Person holding
membership rights in the Association.
     1.15 flortaaae. "Mortgage" shall mean any mortgage or deed
of trust covering any portion of the Property given to secure the
payment of debt.
     1.16 Mortaaaee. "Mortgagee" shall mean the owner and holder
of a Mortgage.
     1.17 Occu~ied Lot.     "Occupied ~ o t "shall mean a Lot upon
which Improvements have been constructed and which has been
occupied for residential use. Once a Lot has been so occupied and
used, it will be deemed an 8tOccupiedLotttfor purposes of this
Declaration regardless of whether it ceases to be occupied at any
time thereafter.
     1.18 Owner.     "Owner" shall mean any Person, including
Declarant, holding a fee simple interest in any portion of the
Property, but shall not include a Mortgagee.
                                                                        ,-
     1.19  person. "Personu shall mean any individual or entity            .
having the legal right to hold title to real property.
     1.20 p             p           . tTlans and Specifications"
shall mean the documents designed to guide or control the
construction or erection of any Improvement, including but not
limited to those indicating location, size, shape, configuration,
materials, site plans, excavation and grading plans, foundation
plans, drainage plans, landscaping and fencing plans, elevation
drawings, floor plans, specifications on all building products and
construction techniques, samples of exterior colors, plans for
utility services, and all other docunentation or. information          .
relevant to such Improvement.
     1.21   Plat.     "Platw shall mean a subdivision plat of any of
the Property.
     1.22  ProDertv.   "Propertytt shall mean the real property
described on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference, as from time to tine modified in accordance with this
Declaration.
     1.23  Restrictions.      "Restrictionstt shall mean    this
Declaration, the Articles and Bylaws of the Association, and any
rules of the Association or its committees, as from tine to tine
in effect and from time to time amended.
     1.24  Subdivision. ttSubdivisiontlshall mean any portion of
the Property which is subdivided, as shown on a map or plat of
record in the Plat Records of Travis County, Texas.
     1.25  Subassociation.      nSubassociationt~ shall mean any
nonprofit Texas corporation or unincorporated association organized
and established by Declarant pursuant to or in connection with a
Supplemental Declaration.
     1.26  Suoolemertal Declaration. "Supplemental Declaration"
shall mean any declaration of covenants, conditions, and
restrictions whlch may be hereafter recorded by Declarant which is
expressly made subject to all the terms and restrictions of this
Declaration, except as otherwise expressly set forth in such
Supplenental Declaretion.
     1.27   m.      "VAU shall mean the Veteran's Administration.
                             ARTICLE 2
              ADDITIONS/WITHDF3iWkLS FROM THE PROPERTY
     2.1   Stacaed Subdivision: Addition of Land.             It is
contemplated that Declarant may develop certain real property (now
owned or hereafter acquired by Declarant) in the vicinity of the
Property for residential purposes and may include such real
property within the definition of the Property. Declarant, its
successors and assigns, shall have the right at any time prior to
December 31, 2002, without the consent or approval of Owners of any
Lots (other than Declarant), to bring within the scheme of this
Declaration additional land so long as ( a ) such land is within the
land described on Exhibit C attached hereto, and (b) either the VA
or the FHA determines that the addition of the land is in
accordance with the general master plan previously approved by
them. As each area covered by the general master plan is developed
or dedicated, Declarant may record one or xore Supplemental
Declarations and designate such uses, classifications, and
covenants, conditions and restrictions as Declarant may deem
appropriate for that parcel. Any Supplemental Declaration may, but
need not, provide that certain provisions of this Declaration are
not applicable to the land covered by such Supplemental
Declaration.    Any Supplemental Declaration may, but need not,
provide for the establishment of a Subassociation to be comprised
of the Owners within the areas subject thereto. Any Supplemental
Declaration may provide for its own procedure for the amendment of
any provision thereof, as for example, by specified vote of only
the Owners of the property within the area subject thereto or a
specified vote of only the Owners of some of the property within
the area subject thereto. All land, improvements, and uses in each
area so developed shall be subject to both this Declaration and to
the Supplemental Declaration, if any, for that area except as
provided otherwise therein. Furthermore, additional properties may
be annexed into the Property at any time with the assent of two-
thirds (2/3) of the votes for each class of Members who are
eligible to vote in person or by proxy at a meeting duly called to
vote on such matter. Upon the filing of a notice of addition of
land as hereinafter described (which notice may be contained within
a Supplemental Declaration affecting such lands), this Declaration
and the covenants, conditions, restrictions and obligations set
forth herein shall apply to the added lands and the rights,
privileges, duties and liabilities of the persons subject to this
Declaration shall be the same with respect to the added lands as
with respect to the lands originally covered by this Declaration,
except as expressly provided otherwise in a Supplemental
Declaration. In order to add lands to the Property hereunder,
Declarant shall be required only to record in the Real Property
Records of Travis County, Texas, a Supplemental Declaration whlch
gives notice of the addition of land, and which contains the
following provisions:
     (a)        a reference to this Declaration, which reference shall
                state the book and page numbers of the Travis County
                Real Property Records wherein this Declaration is
                recorded;
                                                                          -3
     (b)        a statement that the provisions of this Declaration
                shall apply to the added lands, except as expressly
                provided otherwise therein;
     (c),       a legal description of the added lands; and

     (d)        a legal description of any Common Area within the added
                lands.
Upon the recording of any such Supplemental Declaration, the Owners
of all Lots within the area affected by such Supplemental
Declaration shall have the rights, privileges, and obligations with
respect to such property in accordance with the provisions of, and
to the extent set forth in this Declaration and each Supplemental
Declaration.
     2.2   Withdrawal of Land. Declarant shall have the right at
any time prior to the earlier of (i) the date the Class B
membership hereinafter provided for is converted to Class A
membership, or (ii) December 31, 2002, to reduce or withdraw lands
then owned by Declarant from the Property, and upon any such
withdrawal this Declaration and the covenants, conditions,
restrictions and obligations set forth herein shall no longer apply
to the lands withdrawn.     In order to withdraw lands from the
Property hereunder, Declarant shall be required only to record in
the Real Property Records of Travis County, Texas, a notice of
withdrawal of land containing the following provisions:
     (a)        a reference to this Declaratiqn, which reference shall
                state the book and page numbers of the Travis County
                Real Property Records wherein this Declaration is
                recorded;                                                 4?,,

                                 ..---
           REAL ki;:-.r? . ,          >
                               .,:,ti(~~
            TLAY15 COUt:!,      TEXS

            11863              1150
      (b)   a statement that the provisions of this Declaration
            shall no longer apply to the withdrawn lands;
      (c)   a legal description of the withdrawn lands; and
      (d)   a legal description of any Common Area within the
            withdrawn lands.

                             ARTICLS 3
                        GENERAL RESTRICTIONS
     All of the Property and any right, title or interest therein
shall be owned, held, encumbered, leased, used, occupied and
enjoyed subject to the following limitations and restrictions.
     3.1   Towers an9 Antennas.     No antenna, satellite dish or
other device for the transnission or reception of television
signals, radio signals or any other form of electromagnetic
radiation which is visible from the exterior of the residence shall
be erected, used or maintained on any Lot except with the written
approval of the Architectural Control Cornittee. Any such device
approved by the Architectural Control Committee shall be located
to the rear of the roof ridge line, gable line or center line of
the principal dwelling structure if attached to such structure and
shall be located to the rear of the rear wall of the principal
dwelling structure if it is a freestanding device. No such device
shall be permitted to extend above the roof of the primary dwelling
structure so as to be visible from any street adjoining said Lot.
In the event audio-video communication services are made available
to any Lot by a coaxial cable system, no television antenna may be
erected thereon and any existing exterior television antenna shall
be removed, except as specifically allowed in writing by the
Architectural Control Committee.
     3.2   Insurance Rates. Nothing shall be done or kept on the
Property which would increase the customary rate of insurance or
cause the cancellation of insurance on any Lot or any of the
Improvements located thereon without the prior written approval of
the Board.
     3.3   Subdividing.    No Lot shall be further divided or
subdivided, and no easements or other interests therein less than
the whole shall be ccnveyed by the Owner thereof, without the prior
written approval of the Board; provided, however, that whsn
Declarant is the Owner thereof, Declarant may further divide and
subdivide any Lot and convey any easement or other interest less
than the whole, all without the approval of the Soard.
      3.4   sians.     Except for signs, billboards or other
 advertising devices displayed by Declarant, f o r so long as
 Declarant or any successors or assigns of Declarant to whom the
-rights of Declarant under this Section 3.4          are expressly
 transferred, shall own any portion of the Property, no sign of any
 kind shall be displayed to the public view on any Lot or the Common
 Area, except:
      (a)   builders may display one (1) sign of not more than six
            (6) square feet on a Lot to advertise the Lot and any
            residential structure situated thereon for sale during
            the construction and/or sale period;
      (b)   any Owner may display one (1) sign of not more t'han four
            (4) square feet on a Lot improved with a residential
            structure to advertise the Lot and residence for sale
            or rent;
     (c)   signs required for legal proceedings;
     (d)   for so long as a builder owns any unimproved Lot, such
           builder may display one (1) sign of not more than one
           hundred (100) square feet on a Lot owned by such builder
           which contains a model home; and
     (e)   permanent entrance signs for the Subdivision which may
           be designed, located and erected by Declarant, in
           Declarantlssole judgment.
     3.5   Rubbish and Debris. No rubbish or debris of any kind
shall be placed or permitted to accumulate upon the Property and
no odors shall be permitted to arise therefrom so as to render the
Property or any portion thereof unsanitary, unsightly, offensive
or detrimental to any other portion of the Property or to its
occupants. Refuse, garbage and trash shall be kept at all times
in covered containers and such containers shall be kept within
enclosed structures or appropriately screened from view.
     3.6   poise. No exterior speakers, horns, whistles, bells or
other sound devices (other than security devices used exclusively
for security purposes) shall be located, used or placed on any of
the Property. No noise or other nuisance shall be permitted to
exist or operate upon any portion of the Property so as to be
offensive or detrimental to any other portion of the Property or
to its occupants.
     3.7   Construction of ImDrovements. No Improvements shall
hereafter be constructed upon any of the Property without the prior
written approval of the Architectural Control Committee. In the
case of single-family residences and duplex residences to be
constructed on a Lot, the Architectural Control Committee may limit
its review to a review of a typical floor plan for the proposed        .la
residence, and upon the Architectural Control Conmitteels approval
of such floor plan, residences may be constructed consistent with
the approved floor plan without the requirement of further review
or approval by the Committee, anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding.
     3.8   p e ~ a i rof Buildinas. All Improvements upon any of the
Property shall at all times be kept in good condition and repair
and adequately painted or otherwise maintained by the Owner
thereof.
     3.9   Roof ins Materials. Roofs shall consist of wood shingles
or dimensional fiberglass asphalt or composition shingles of a
weight equal to 240 pounds or more per square. Any other type of
roof must be approved by the Architectural Control Committee.
     3.10 Undersround Utilitv Lines. No utility lines, including,
but not limited to, %ires or other devices for the conmunication
or transnission of telephone or electric current or power, cable
television or any other type of line or wire shall be erected,
placed or maintained anywhere in or upon any portion of the
Property unless the same shall be contained in conduit or cables
installed or maintained underground or concealed in, under or on
buildings or other Improvements as approved in writing by the
Architectural Control Committee; provided, however, that no
provision hereof shall be deemed to forbid the erection of
temporary power or telephone structures incident to the
construction of buildings or other Improvements which have been
previously approved in writing by the Architectural Control
Committee. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary,
Declarant is hereby exempt from compliance with this Section 3.10,
and it is contemplated that overhead lines will be erected, placed     "\
and maintained at certain locations within the Property to be
designated by Declarant.
     3.11 Natural Gas. All Lots shall be provided with natural
gas lines, and each building Improvement on a Lot, except building
Improvements within the Common Area, shall have at least two (2)
natural gas appliances.
     3.12 Jiazardous Activities. No activities shall be conducted
on the Property and no Improvements shall be constructed on the
Property which are or might be unsafe or hazardous to any person
or property. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no
firearms or fireworks shall be discharged upon the Property, and
no open fires shall be lighted or permitted except within safe and
well-designed interior fireplaces or within barbecue units while
attended and in use for cooking purposes.
     3.13 TemDOrarV Structures. No tent, shack or other temporary
building, improvement or structure shall be placed upon the
Property without the prior written approval of the Architectural
Control Connittee; provided, however, that temporary structures
necessary for storage of tools and equipment and for office space
for architects, builders and foremen during actual construction may
be maintained with the prior written approval of Declarant, which
approval may include the nature, size, duration and location of
such structure.
     3.14 Minins and Drillinq. No portion of the Property shall
be used for the purpose of mining, quarrying, drilling, boring, or
exploring for or removing oil, gas, or other hydrocarbons, minerals
of any kind, rocks, stones, sand, gravel, aggregate, or earth.
      3.15 Unsiahtlv Articles: Vehicles. No article deemed to be
unsightly by the Architectural Control Committee shall be permitted
to remain on any Lot so as to be visible from adjoining property
or public or private thoroughfares.         Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, trailers, graders, trucks other than
pickups, boats, tractors, campers, wagons, buses, motorcycles,
motor scooters, and garden maintenance equipment shall at all
times, except when in actual use, be kept in enclosed structures
or screened from view, and no repair or maintenance work shall be
done on any of the foregoing or on any automobile (other than minor
emergency repairs) except in enclosed garages or other structures.
Each single family residential structure constructed within the
Property shall have sufficient garage space, as approved by the
Architectural Control Committee, to house all vehicles to be kept
on the Lot. No Owner shall keep more than two (2) automobiles in
such manner as to be visible fron any other portion of the Property
for any period in exzess of seventy-two (72) hours. No inoperable
automobiles or other vehicles may be parked overnight on any
roadway within the Property. No automobiles or other vehicles may
be parked overnight on any roadway within the Property for more
than two (2) consecutive nights. Service areas, storage areas,
conpost piles, and facilities for hanging, drying or airing
clothing or household fabrics shall be appropriately screened from
view.    No lumber, grass, plant waste, shrub or tree clippings,
metals, bulk materials, scrap, refuse, or trash shall be kept,
stored or allowed to accumulate on any portion of the Property
except within enclosed structures or appropriately screened from
view.
     3.16 Bobile Homes. Travel Trailers and Recreational Vehicles.
No mobile homes shall be parked or placed on any Lot at any time,
and no travel trailers or recreational vehicles shall be parked on
or near any Lot so as to be visible from adjoining property or
public or private thoroughfares for any period in excess of forty-
eight (48) hours.



         REAL t n v r c ! ( . :;LLCI~DS
          TF,kVIS i O U i i 'Y. TEX4E

          11863             1153
     3.17 e n s . All Lots shall be fenced prior to occupancy of
a dwelling located on such Lot. The construction of fences on any
Lot proposed for residential use shall be of wood or masonry
construction, or a combination thereof, and shall not exceed six
feet (6') in height. Chainlink fences shall not be permitted.
All Lots with wood fencing shall be fenced so that with respect to
any portion of the fence which faces any existing or proposed
street, the slats shall face the street. All other portions of
such wood fencing shall be fenced with the slats alternating by
section of the fence (a section being each portion .of the fence
between support poles), with the slats in one section facing to the
rear of the Lot and the slats in the next section facing to the
front of the Lot. A fencing plan for each Lot shall be submitted
as part of the Plans and Specifications. Upon written request, the
Architectural Control Committee may waive the requirement of a
fencing plan for any Lot if the builder uses plans previously
approved by the Architectural Control Committee for another
similarly located Lot. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Architectural Control Committee may in its discretion prohibit the
construction of any proposed fence, modify the requirements as to
how slats of a wood fence shall face, specify the materials of
which any proposed fence must be constructed, or require that any
proposed fence be screened by vegetation or otherwise so as not to
be visible from other portions of the Property.
     3.18 Animals - Household Pets. No animals, including pigs,
hogs, swine, poultry, fowl, wild animals, horses, cattle, sheep,
goats, or any other type of animal not considered to be a domestic
household pet within the ordinary meaning and interpretation of
such words may be kept, maintained or cared for on the Property.
No animal shall be allowed to make an unreasonable amount of noise,
or to become a nuisance, and no domestic pets will be allowed on       ..\
the Property other than on the Lot of its Owner unless confined to
a leash. No animal may be stabled, maintained, kept, cared for or
boarded for hire or remuneration on the Property and no kennels or
breeding operation will be allowed. No animal shall be allowed to
run at large and all animals shall be kept within enclosed areas
which must be clean, sanitary and reasonably free of refuse,
insects and waste at all times.      Such enclosed area shall be
constructed in accordance with plans approved by the Architectural
Control Committee, shall be of reasonable design and construction
to adequately contain such animels in accordance with the
provisions hereof, and shall be screened so as not to be visible
from any other portion of the Property.
     3.19 Landsca~incr Reuuirements.    It is the intent of the
Restrictions to recognize, utilize and supplement the existing
landscape and visual resources and to permit and require a viable
introduced landscape, so as to ensure consistent quality and
provide for visual harmony through color and textural variety
within the Property.
     (a)   Detailed landscape plans for each Lot shall be submitted
           as part of the Plans and Specifications. Upon written
           request, the Architectural Control Committee may waive
           the requirement of such plans for any Lot if the builder
           uses plans previously approved by the Architectural
           Control Committee for another Lot. There shall be no
           revisions made to the approved plans without resubmittal
           to and approval by the Architectural Control Committee
           of the revised plans.
     (b)   Existing trees shall be deemed to be trees of 6" caliper
           and above measured three feet ( 3 ' ) above grade. During
           construction, existing trees shall be preserved and
           protected to the extent reasonable for the intended
        development.   Relief from protection of major trees
        shall be at Declaranttsdiscretion. Building or paving
        operations occurring adjacent to existing trees to be
        saved shall be in accordance with the Restrictions.
(c)      ~emolitionof existing trees shall mean any operation,
         including transplanting, which removes, uproots or
         renders the tree incapable of sustaining a healthy and
         thriving condition. Any tree that is deemed by the
         Architectural Control Committee to be unnecessarily
      t. demolished shall be replaced with a tree approved by the
         Architectcral Control Comittee according .to the
         following chart:
Existina Tree
$0 be Demolished            pe~lacementTree
6" + cal. to 12" cal.       One 4" cal., 14' ht., 6' spr.
12" + cal. to 18" cal.      Two 4 " cal., 14' ht., 6' spr.
1811 + cal. to 2 4 " cal.   Three 4" cal., 14' ht., 6' spr.
24" cal. and up             Four 4" cal., 14' ht., 6' spr.
        Note:   No existing hardwood tree shall be demolished
        prior to specific written approval of the Architectural
        Control Committee.
(d)     All introduced vegetation shall be trees, shrubs, vines,
        ground covers, seasonal flowers or sodded grasses which
        are commonly used in Central Texas for landscaping
        purposes and which are approved by the Architectural
        Control Conmittee.
(e)     Landscaping shall mean any proposed modification to a
        Lot, including but not limited to any berming,
        irrigation systems, landscape subsurface drainage
        systems, paving, nonstructural retaining walls, and
        introduced vegetation according to the plans approved
        by the Architectural Control Committee. Landscaping in
        accordance with the approved plans shall be installed
        within ten (10) days after the date the City of Austin
        issues the Certificate of Occupancy with respect to the
        Improvements on such Lot. Extensions to the time limit
        may be granted by the Architectural Control Comittee
        for up to an additional thirty (30) days on a case by
        case basis. The approved plans shall include permanent
        sodded grass or in all sodded areas. Winter rye shall
        be considered a temporary measure to reduce soil erosion
        through the winter season, and shall be completely
        demolished and replaced with sodded grass according to
        the approved plans.
(f)     The land use listed below shall be landscaped with the
        following numbers of hardwood shade trees. The hardwood
        shade trees shall be no smaller in size then 3 " caliper
        measured three feet (3') above grade.
        Land Use            Beauired Numbers of Trees
        Single Family       Two per front yard within 10' of
        (by builders)       Street R.O.W. (four for corner lots;
                            two on the front and two on the side)
        All land users shall be required to landscape front
        yards, side yards, and adjacent to building foundations.
        Trees, shrubs, ground covers, seasonal color and sodded
        grass shall be used in these areas to achieve the
            landscape intent for the land use according to the
            approved plans.
     (g)   Landscaping which has been installed on any Lot,
           including temporary landscaping, shall be properly
           maintained at all times.      Recomnendations by the
           Architectural Control Committee with respect to tree
           disease control must be followed immediately. Grasses
           and weeds shall at no time be allowed to exceed 6" in
           the Common Area and vacant developed lots.
     3.20 pasonrv Requirements. The exterior of each structure
built upon any interior Lot shall be of at least fi.fty percent
(50%) masonry construction. The exterior of each structure built
upon any corner Lot shall be of at least seventy-five percent (75%)
masonry construction. Brick, natural stone and stucco shall be
considered to be masonry for purposes of this section.'
Combinations of materials and the proportion thereof shall
aesthetically and architecturally blend with and enhance the
Subdivision, and shall be subject to approval by the Architectural
Control Committee.
     3.21 Construction Activities. Notwithstanding any provision
herein to the contrary, this Declaration shall not be construed so
as unreasonably to interfere with or prevent normal construction
activities during the construction of Improvements by an Owner
(including Declarant) upon any Lot within the Property.
Specifically, no such construction activities shall be deemed to
constitute a nuisance or a violation of this Declaration by reason
of noise, dust, presence of vehicles or construction machinery,
posting of signs or similar activities, provided that such
construction is pursued to completion with reasonable diligence and
conforms to construction practices customary in the area. In the
event of any dispute regarding such matters, a temporary waiver of
the applicable provision may be granted by the Architectural           1.4,
Control Cornittee, provided that such waiver shall be only for the
reasonable period of such construction.
     3.22 Construction in Place. All dwellings constructed on the
Property shall be built in place on the Lot and the use of
prefabricated materials other than trusses and wall panels shall
be allowed only with the prior written approval of the
Architectural Control Committee.
     3.23 ynfinished Structures.       No structure shall remain
unfinished for more than two hundred seventy (270) days after
construction has commenced.         Construction of residential
Improvements shall begin no later than one (1) year after ownership
of the Lot has been legally conveyed by Declarant.
     3.24 Location of Imbrovements.        No buildings or other
                                 .
Improvements shall be located on any Lot nearer to the front Lot
line than twenty-five feet (25')   The front of a primary dwelling
structure shall face the front of a similar structure across the
street whenever feasible, and the Architectural Control Committee
shall resolve any conflicts arising from this requirement and make
the final determination with regard to the orientation of the front
of Improvements upon any Lot. No building shall be located on any
Lot nearer than ten feet (10') to any rear Lot line. No building
shall be located on any Lot nearer than fifteen feet (15') to any
side Lot line adjacent to a street. Unless the building is to be
located on more than one Lot, no building shall be located nearer
than five feet (5') to an interior Lot line.            No permitted
accessory building shall be located nearer than five feet (5') to
an interior Lot line or exceed eight feet ( 8 ' ) in height. For the
purposes of this Declaration, eaves, steps and unroofed terraces
shall not be considered as part of a building; provided, however,
                                                                       T
that this shall not be construed to permit any portion of the
construction on     a Lot to encroach upon another Lot.
~otwithstanding the general guidelines herein set forth as to
location of Improvements upon the Lot, it is the intention of
Declarant to establish the importance of locating the Improvements
so as to preserve existing natural trees, vegetation and topography
to the extent reasonable and practical. The Architectural Control
Committee shall be specifically empowered to require or to grant
variances with respect to these guidelines, so long as the location
of the Improvements will not encroach upon any other Lot, utility
easement, or public right-of-way or result in any building being
located closer than ten feet (10') from the primary dwelling
structure on another Lot.
     3.25 pew Materials. Only new materials shall be utilized in
constructing any structures situated upon a Lot, unless approved
by the Architectural Control Committee.
     3.26 wo Window Units. No window or wall type air conditioner
which is visible from any street in the Subdivision shall be
permitted to be used, placed or maintained on or in any building
in any part of the Property.
     3.27 Ninimum Floor Area. The air conditioned portion of the
primary dwelling structure erected on any Lot shall have a floor
area of (i) not less than one thousand two hundred (1,200) square
feet for any Lot, such area to be exclusive of all porches,
carports, garages and other rooms which are not air conditioned
with the main living quarters.
     3.28 pesisn. No structure may exceed two (2) stories in
height or may have a garage which is intended to shelter more than
three (3) cars.
     3.29 Corn~osite Buildina Site.    Any Owner of one or more
adjoining Lots may consolidate such Lots into one single-family
residence building site, and may place or construct Improvements
on such site with the prior written approval of the Architectural
Control Committee. In cases of such consolidation of Lots, setback
lines shall be measured from the two side Lot lines existing after
consolidation, rather than from the Lot lines shown on the Plat.
The Owner may not thereafter resubdivide the consolidated Lots
without the prior written approval of the Board.
      3.30 Sidewalks. The Owner of each Lot is hereby required to
 construct or cause to be constructed a concrete sidewalk in the
 public street right-of-way adjacent to such Lot in accordance with
 the specifications set forth in the Plat, in conjunction with and
 at the time of construction of the primary dwelling structure on
 such Lot. Sidewalks shall be extended from Lot line to Lot line
 and shall follow the pattern of the incoming sidewalks (as proposed
 or built) on adjacent Lots.      Placement of sidewalks in public
-rights-of-way around the terminus of cul-de-sac streets shall
 follow the pattern of the incoming sidewalk (as proposed or built)
 on adjacent Lots and shall be placed four feet ( 4 ' ) from the curb
 line, so as to insure a continuous walk around the terminus.
 Owners of corner Lots shall install such sidewalks parallel to the
 front Lot line and the side street Lot line. If not otherwise
 provided, the Owners of corner Lots shall extend to a terminus at
 and with the street curb in accordance with all applicable Federal,
 State, County and City regulations respecting sidewalk construction
 and/or specifications. Any public utility easements provided along
 front and side Lot lines may be used for construction of the
 sidewalks with the prior written approval of the Architectural
 Control Committee and of any utility companies furnishing utility
 service through such easements. Each Owner shall be responsible
for the maintenance and repair of the sidewalk adjacent to such
Owner's Lot after construction.
     3.31  Comvliance with Provisions of Restrictions. Each Owner
shall comply strictly with the provisions of the Restrictions as
from time to time amended. Failure to comply with any of the
Restrictions shall constitute a violation of this Declaration, and
shall give rise to a cause of action to recover sums due for
damages or injunctive relief or both, maintainable by the Board on
behalf of the Association or by any Owner. .
     3.32  P o warrantv of Enforceability. While ~eclaranthas no
reason to believe that any of the covenants, terms or provisions
of this Declaration are or may be invalid or unenforceable for any
reason or to any extent, Declarant makes no warranty or
representation as to the present or future validity or
enforceability of any such covenant, term or provision. Any Owner
acquiring a Lot in reliance on one or more of such covenants, terns
or provisions shall assume all risks of the validity and
enforceability thereof, and by acquiring such Lot agrees to hold
Declarant harmless therefrom.

                            ARTICLE 4
                         USE RESTRICTIONS




                                                                      -
     4.1    General. The Property shall be improved and used solely
for single-fanily residential use, including related or ancillery
uses approved by Declarant, including Coxanon Areas, utility
easements, and recreational facilities. "Single-familyt1 shall mean
a group of persons related by blood, marriage or adoption and shall
also include foster children and domestic servants.
     4.2   Conmon Area. No land within any Common Area shall be       '
improved, used or occupied, except in such manner as shall have
been approved by the Architectural Control Connittee, in its sole
and absolute discretion. Such required approval shall extend to
the nature and type of use, occupancy and improvement.

                            ARTICLE 5
                       ASSOCIATION MATTERS
     5.1   Oraanization. Concurrently with the recordation of this
Declaration, Declarant has caused the formation and incorporation
of the Association,      The Association shall be a nonprofit
corporation created for the purposes, charged with the duties, and
vested with the powers prescribed in its Articles and Bylaws, in
this Declaration, and by applicable law. Neither the Articles nor
the Bylaws shall for any reason be amended or otherwise changed or
interpreted so as to be inconsistent with this Declaration.
     5.2   pembershi~. Any Person upon becoming an Owner of an
Occupied Lot automatically and concurrently shall become a Menber
of the Association. Declarant shall be a Member of the Association
60 long as Declarant owns any Lot. Membership shall be appurtenant
to and shall run with the property interest which qualifies the
Owner thereof for membership, and membership may not be severed
from, or in any way transferred, pledged, mortgaged, or alienated
except together with the title to such property interest.
     5.3   Votins Rishts. The right to cast votes and the number
of votes which may be cast for election of the Board, and on all
other matters to be voted on by the Members, shall be calculated
as provided below. Owners entitled to votes pursuant to (a) below
are hereinafter sometimes referred to as ItClassA Members."
Declarant, which is entitled to vote pursuant to (b) below, is
hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Class B Member.It
     (a)   The Owner (other than Declarant) of each Occupied Lot
           within the Property shall have one (1) vote for each
           Occupied Lot so owned.
     (b)   Declarant shall have three (3) votes for each Lot owned
           by it (regardless of whether occupied) Until the earlier
           of (i) December 31, 2002, or (ii) the date when the
           total votes outstanding in the Class A membership equals
           the total votes outstanding in the Class B membership
           (i.e. the date that 75% of the Lots have been sold by
           Declarant and occupied).      Thereafter, the Class B
           membership shall cease and be converted to Class k
           membership, and Declarant shall have only one (1) vote
           for each Lot owned by it, if any. The total votes held
           by the Class A members and the total votes held by the
           Class B members shall be recalculated upon the recording
           of a Supplemental Declaration which results in any
           addition to or subtraction of lands fron the Property.
           If at any point in time the total votes held by the
           Class A membership equals the total votes held by the
           Class B membership, the Class B membership shall cease
           and convert to Class A membership regardless of whether
           a future addition or subtraction of land would create
           a different result.
     (c)   Any property interest entitling the Owner thereof to
           vote as herein provided held jointly or in corrnon by
           more than one W n e r shall require that such Owners
           thereof designate, in writing, a single Owner who shall
           be entitled to cast such vote and no other person shall
           be authorized to vote in behalf of such property
           interest. A copy of such written designation shall be
           filed with the Board before any such vote may be cast,
           and, upon the failure of the Owners thereof to file such
           designation, such vote shall neither be cast nor counted
           for any purpose whatsoever.
     5.4   Duties of the Association. Subject to and in accordance
with this Declaration, the Association acting through the Board
shall have and perform each of the following duties:
     (a)   accept, own, operate, and maintain all personal and real
           property conveyed to or leased by the Association
           (llAssociationProperty"), together with all Improvements
           thereon and all appurtenances thereto;
     (b)   own and naintain all Common Area and all Improvements
           thereon and all appurtenances thereto, all streers
           (including median areas) which have been constructed but
           not accepted by the appropriate governmental entity, and
           all entry signs and associated landscaping;
     (c)   pay all real and personal property taxes and other taxes
           and assessments levied upon or with respect to the
           Association Property and the Common Area, to the extent
           that such taxes and assessments are not levied directly
           upon the Members; and the Association shall have all
           rights granted by law to contest the legality and the
           amount of such taxes and assessments;
     (d)   obtain and maintain in effect policies of insurance
           which, in the opinion of the Board, are reasonably
           necessary or appropriate to carry out the functions of
           the Association;
     (e)       make, establish, promulgate, and in its discretion to
                                                                          1
               amend or repeal and reenact, the Bylaws and such rules
               not in conflict with this Declaration as it deems
               proper, covering any and all aspects of its functions,
               including the use and occupancy of the Association
               Property and the Common Area;
     (f)       keep books and records of the Association's affairs'and
               to make such books and records, together with a current
               copy of this Declaration, available for inspection by
               the Owners and the Mortgagees upon request during normal
               business hours; and
     (g)       carry out and enforce all duties of the Association set
               forth in this Declaration and in the Restrictions.
     5.5   powers and Authoritv of the Association.             The
Association shall have the powers of a Texas nonprofit corporation,
subject only to such limitations upon the exercise of such powers
as are expressly set forth in this Declaration. It shall further
have the power to do and perform any and all acts which may be
necessary or proper for or incidental to the exercise of any of the
express powers granted to it by the laws of Texas or by this
Declaration. Without in any way limiting the generality of the two
preceding sentences, the Association and the Board, acting on
behalf of the Association, shall have the following power and
authority at all times.

     (a)       The Association shall have the power and' authority to
               levy Assessments in accordance with and as provided in
               this Declaration.
     (b)       The Association shall have the power and authority to
               enter at any time in an emergency (or in a non-emergency
                                                                          1
               after twenty-four (24) hours written notice to the Owner
               of the affected Property), without being liable to any
               Owner, upon any Lot or any Common Area for the purpose
               of enforcing this Declaration or for the purpose of
               maintaining or repairing any Lot, Common Area,
               Improvement, or other facility to conform to this
               Declaration. Notwithstanding any provision herein to
               the contrary, the Association may not alter or demolish
               any items of construction in enforcing this Declaration
               before judicial proceedings are instituted by the
               Association. The expense incurred by the Association
               in connection with the entry upon any Lot and the
               maintenance and repair work conducted thereon shall be
               a personal obligation of the Owner of the affected Lot,
               shall be a lien upon such Lot and the Improvements
               thereon, and shall be enforced in the same manner and
               to the same extent as provided herein for regular and
               special Assessments.

     (c)       The Association shall have the power and authority.from
               time to time, in its own name and on its own behalf, or
               in the name of and on behalf of an Owner who consents
           .   thereto, to comaence and maintain actions and suits to
               enforce, by mandatory injunction or otherwise, or to
               restrain and enjoin any breach or threatened breach of,
               this Declaration. The Association is also authorized
               to settle claims, enforce liens, and take all such
               action as it may deem necessary or expedient to enforce
               this Declaration; provided, however, that the Board
               shall never be authorized to expend any Association
               funds for the purpose of bringing suit against
               Declarant, its successors or assigns.                      T.
(d)   The Association shall have the power and authority to
      grant and convey to any person or entity any Association
      Property and/or any Common Area and/or any interest
      therein, including fee title, leasehold estates,
      easements, rights-of-way, or Mortgages, out of, in, on,
      over, or under any of same for the purpose of
      constructing, erecting, operating, or maintaining
      thereon, therein, or thereunder:
      (i)    roads, streets, walks, driveways, parking lots,
             trails, and paths;
      (ii)   lines, cables, wires, conduits, pipelines, or
             other devices for utility purposes;
      (iii) sewers, water systems, storm water dreinage
            systems, sprinkler systems, and pipelines; or
      (iv)   any similar Improvements or facilities.
      Nothing in this subparagraph (d) shall be construed to
      permit the use or occupancy of any Improvement or other
      facility in any way which would violate other provisions
      of this Declaration.
(e)   The Association shall have the pover and authority to
      retain and pay for the services of a manager to nanage
      and operate the Association, including the Association
      Property and/or the Common Area, to the extent deemed
      advisable by the Board. Additional personnel may be
      employed directly by the Association or may be furnished
      by the manager. To the extent permitted by law, the
      Association and the Board may delegate any duties,
      powers, and functions to the manager. The Members of
      the Association hereby release the Association and the
      members cf the Board from liability for any omission or
      improper exercise by the manager of any such duty,
      power, or function so delegated.
(f)   The Association shall have the power and authority:
      (i)    to retain and pay for legal and accounting
             services necessary or proper in the operation of
             the Association;
      (ii)   to pay for water, sewer, garbage rexoval,
             landscaping, gardening, and all other utilities
             or services to and all maintenance of the
             Association Property and the Conmon Area, in
             accordance with this Declaration and the
             Restrictions;
      (iii) to obtain and pay for any other property and
            services and to pay any other taxes or
            assessments which the Assocration or the Board
            is required to secure or to pay for pursuant to
            applicable law or this Declaration;
      (iv)   to construct new Improvements or additions to the
             Association Property or the Common Area, subject
             to the approval of the Architectural Control
             Committee;
      (v)    to enter into contracts with Declarant and with
             any other Person on such terms and provisions as
             the Board shall determine, and to acquire, own,
                         and dispose of all manner of real and personal
                         property, whether by grant, lease, gift, or
                         otherwise; and
                (vi)     to borrow money and to mortgage, pledge or
                         hypothecate any or all of the Association
                         Property as security for money borrowed or debts
                         incurred subject to the limitation set forth in
                         this Declaration.
     5.6 .V-I           The Association shall indemnify any Person
who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or -proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason
of the fact that such Person is or was a director, -officer,
committee member, employee, servant or agent of the Association or
the Board, against all claims and expenses including attorney's
fees reasonably incurred by such Person in connection-with such
action, suit or proceeding, if it is found and determined by the
Board or a Court that such Person (i) acted in good faith and in
a manner such Person reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed
to, the best interests of the Association, or (ii) with respect to
any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
believe such Person's conduct was unlawful. The termination of any
action, suit or proceeding by settlement, or upon a plea of nolo
contendere or its equivalent, shall not of itself create a
presumption that such Person did not act in good faith or in a
manner which such Person reasonably believed to be in, or not
opposed to, the best interests of the Association, or, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to
believe that such Person's conduct was unlawful. The Board may
purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any Person who is or
was a director, officer, comniittee member, employee, servant or             .T
agent of the Association or the Board, against any liability
asserted against such Person or incurred by such Person in any such
capacity, or arising out of such Person's status as such, whether
or not the Association would have the power to indemnify him
against such liability hereunder or otherwise.

                                        ARTICLE 6
                        A R C S I T E C T W CONTROL COMMITTEE
     6.1   pembershi~. The Architectural Control Committee shall
consist of not more than three (3) voting members ("Voting
Members") and such additional nonvoting members serving in an
advisory capacity ("Advisory Members1') as Declarant deems
appropriate.
     6.2   Declarant's Riahts of A~~ointment. Until the earlier
of (i) December 31, 2002, or (ii) the date when the total votes
outstanding in the Class A membership equals the total votes
outstanding in the Class B membership (i.e. the date that 75% of
the Lots have been sold by Declarant and occupied), Declarant shall
have the right to appoint and remove all members of the
Architectural Control Committee. Declarant may delegate in whole
or in part its right to appoint and remove' members of the
Architectural Control Cornlitteeto the Board by written instrument.
     6.3   Action bv Architectural Control Committee. Items
presented to the Architectural Control Cornittee shall be decided
by a majority vote of the Voting Members.      The Architectural
Control Committee may appoint an agent to act on behalf of the               .
Architectural Control Committee, and the Architectural Control
Committee may delegate any duties, powers and/or functions to the
agent. Any such appointment and delegation shall be in writing.             -:




                    - .li;9LDS
      REAL i'6viir..:
       T f 4YiS COUHT:, TEXAS

       11863            1162
      6.4   w. Each Voting Member shall hold office until such
 time as he or she has resigned or has been removed or his or her
 successor has been appointed, as provided herein. Each Advisory
 Member shall hold office at the discretion of and may be removed
 at any time by Declarant.
      6.5   Adoution of Rules. The Architectural Control Committee
 may adopt such procedural and substantive rules, standards,
 policies and development guidelines, not in conflict with this
 Declaration, as it may deem necessary or proper for the performance
 of its duties and the orderly development of the Property,
 including but not limited to a building code, a fire code, a
 housing code, architectural guidelines; landscaping guidelines, and
 other similar codes or guidelines as it may deem necessary and
 desirable.    Such rules, standards, policies, procedures and
 development guidelines shall be binding and enforceable against
 each Owner in the same manner as any other restriction set forth
 herein. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to affect any
 approval granted by the Architectural Control Connittee in
 accordance with the terms of this Declaration prior to the
 amendment of such rules, standards, policies procedures or
 development guidelines.
       6.6   peview of Proposed Construction.      The Architectural
  Control Comittee shall have the right whenever its approval is
  required under this Declaration to consider all of the Plans and
  Specifications for the Improvement or proposal in question and all
  other facts and information which in its sole discretion are
  relevant. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, prior
  to the corrmencement of any construction of any Improvement on the
  Property or any portion thereof, the Plans and Specifications
  therefor shall be subnitted to the Architectural Control Committee,
  and construction thereof may not comence unless and until the
  Architectural Control Conunittee has approved such Plans and
  Specifications in writing. Upon written request, the Architectural
  Control Comittee may waive the requirement of such plans for any
  Lot if the builder uses plans previously approved by the
  Architectural Control Committee for another Lot. There shall be
  no revisions made to the approved plans without resubmittal to and
  approval by the Architectural Control Committee of the revised
  plans. The Architectural Control Corninittee shall consider and act
  upon any and all Plans and Specifications submitted for its
  approval pursuant to this Declaration, and perform such other
  duties assigned to it by this Declaration or from time to time
  assigned to it by the Board, including the inspection of
  construction in progress to assure its conformance wlth Plans and
  Specifications approved by the Architectural Control Committee.
  The Architectural Control Committee may postpone review of any
  Plans and Specifications submitted for approval pending its receipt
  of any information or document deemed necessary by it.          The
  Architectural Control Committee shall have the authority to
  disapprove any proposed Improvement based upon this Declaration,
  and the decision of the Architectural Control Committee shall be
  final and binding so long as it is made in good faith.          The
  Architectural Control Committee shall not be responsible for
  reviewing any proposed Improvement, nor shall its approval of any
  Plans or Specifications be deemed approval thereof, from the
  standpoint of structural safety, engineering soundness, or
. conformance with building or other codes.
      6.7   Variance. The Architectural Control Comittee may grant
 variances from compliance with any of the provisions of this
 Declaration when, in its opinion and in its sole and absolute
 discretion, such variance will not impair or detract from the high
 quality development of the Property and/or is justified due to
 aesthetic considerations or unusual circumstances. All variances
 must be evidenced by a written instrument in recordable form, and

       R E t i k i c ~ :t   .
                          - d: ;rJRDj
        T R A V I S coati: I . EXA AS

        11853                   1163
must be signed by a majority of the Voting Members. The granting
of such variance shall not operate to waive or amend any of the
terms and provisions of the Restrictions applicable to the Lots for
any purpose except as to the pzrticular property and the particular
matter covered by the variance, and such variance shall not be
considered to establish a precedent or future waiver, modification
or amendment of the terms and provisions hereof.
     6.8   Actions of the Architectural Control Conmittee. The
Architectural Control Corrmittee may, by resolution unanimously
adopted in writing, designate any of its members or an agent acting
on its behalf to take any action .or perform any duties'for and on
behalf of the Architectural Control Committee. In the absence of
such designation, the vote of a majority of all Voting Members,
which may be taken without a meeting, shall constitute an act of
the Architectural Control Committee.
     6.9   Y o Waiver of Future A D D ~ O V ~ ~ SThe
                                                  . approval or consent
of the Architectural Control Committee to any Plans. and
Specifications shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any
right to withhold approval or consent as to any Plans and
Specifications or other matter whatever subsequently or
additionally submitted for approval or consent by the same or a
different Person.
     6.10 Work in Prowess.     At its option, the Architectural
Control committee may inspect any work in progress to insure
compliance with approved Plans and Specifications.
     6.11 Fonliabilitv of Architectural Control Committee Members.
Neither the Architectural Control Conmittee nor any member thereof,
nor the Board nor any member thereof, shall be liable to the
Association or to any Owner or to any other Person for any loss,
damage or injury arising out of or in any way connected with the
performance of the Architectural Control Committee's or the Board's
respective duties under this Declaration, unless due to the willful
misconduct or bad faith of such Person. Neither the Architectural
Control Con.?nittee nor any member thereof shall be liable to any
Owner due to the construction of any Improvement within the
Property.
     6.12 Address. Plans and Specifications shall be submitted
to the Architectural Control Committee at 600 Congress (c/o Mellcn
Properties Company), Suite 1700, Austin, Texas 78701, or such
other address as may be designated by Declarant (or the Board if
Declarant has delegated such designation right to the Board) from
time to time.

                             ARTICLE 7
                       FUNDS AND ASSESSMENTS
     7.1    Assessments. Assessments established pursuant to this
Declaration shall be levied on a uniform basis against each Lot
within the Property for the purpose of promoting the recreation,
health, safety, and welfare of the residents within the Property
and for the improvement and maintenance of the Common Area.
Assessments shall be levied against each Lot beginning on the day
the street improvements along the front Lot line of each Lot have
been paved.
     7.2        O~eratinsFund. The Board shall establish an operating
fund into which shall be deposited all monies paid to the
Association and from which disbursements shall be made in
performing the functions of the Association under this Declaration.
The funds of the Association shall be used sslelv for DurDoses
authorized by this Declaration.
         REAr Ckr.r i-- .. ,:ftnS
          T R A V I S Q O U N ~.. 'ELLS
                                        18
     7.3   peavlar Annual Assessments.     Until January 1, 1994,
without the assent of two-thirds (213) of the votes of each class
of Members who are eligible to vote at a meeting duly called to
vote on such matter with at least sixty percent (60%) of Kesbers
who are eligible to vote represented in person or by proxy, the
annual Assessment per Occupied Lot shall not exceed $300.00
dollars. For the 1993 fiscal year, the Board shall establish a
budget for the Association, and as of February 1, 1993, may levy
assessments based on that budget against all Lots. For fiscal year
1994, and every year thereafter, the Board shall estimate the net
expenses of the Asso-iation for such fiscal year, which shall be
(i) the expenses to be incurred by the Association during such year
in performing its functions under the Restrictions, including but
not limited to the cost of all duties required and activities
authorized herein of the Association, the Board, and the
Architectural Control Committee, and a reasonable provision for
contingencies and appropriate replacement reserves, less (ii) any
expected income and any surplus from the prior year's operating
fund. Assessments sufficient to pay such estimated net expenses
shall then be levied as provided herein, and the Assessments so
levied by the Board shall be final and binding so long as it is
nade in good faith. In no event, however, may the Board increase
an annual Assessment by more than five percent (5%) over the
previous year's annual Assessment without the assent of two-thirds
(213) of the votes for each class of Members who are eligible to
vote at a meeting duly called to vote on such matter with at least
sixty percent (60%) of Members who are eligible to vote represented
in person or by proxy. Each Okner shall be given written notice
of the amount of such annual Assessment at least thirty (30) days
prior to the date such annual Assessment is due and payable. All
such regular annual Assessments shall be due and payable to the
Association, at the discretion of the Board, either in one (1)
payment at the beginning of the fiscal year or in twelve (12)
monthly payments equal to 1112th of the total annual Assessment,
or at such time and in such other manner as the Board may from time
to time designate.
     7.4   peduction of Annual Assessment. Notwithstanding the
provisions of the foregoing subsection, with respect to Lots other
than Occupied Lots, the Owner shall only be required to pay thirty-
three percent (339) of the amount of the annual Assessment levied
against Occupied Lots. As soon as a Lot becomes an Occupied Lot,
the full annual Assessment levied against Occupied Lots, prorated
to the date such occupancy occurred, shall immediately and
permanently attach to such Occupied Lot and shall be due and
payable by the Owner.      Nothing in this subsection shall be
construed to relieve an Owner from payment of full annual
Assessments for every year after a Lot becomes an Occupied Lot.
     7.5     S         m       . In addition to the regular annual
Assessments provided herein, the Board may levy special Assessments
whenever in the Bcard's opinion such special Assessments are
necessary to enable the Board to carry out the functions of the
Association under the Restrictions. The amount of any special
Assessments shall be at the reasonable discretion of the Board.
In no event shall the total special Assessment per Lot during the
fiscal year 1993 exceed the sum of $60.00 during any one year
without the assent of two-thirds (213) of the votes of each class
of members who are eligible to vote at a meeting duly called to
vote on such matter, with at least sixty percent (60%) of Members
who are eligible to vote represented in person or by proxy.
Thereafter, the Board may not levy a special Assessment which
represents more than a five percent (5%) increase over any
previously levied special Assessment without the assent of two-
thirds ( 2 1 3 ) of the votes for each class of Members who are
eligible to vote at a meeting duly called to vote on such matter
    with at least Sixty percent (60%) of Members who are eligible to
    vote represented in person or by proxy. Each Owner shall be given
    written notice of the amount of any special Assessment at least
    thirty (30) days prior to the date such special Assessment is due
    and payable. All such special Assessments shall be due and payable
    to the Association at such time and in such other manner as the
    Board may designate, in its sole and absolute discretion. After
    1993, the Association may levy in any fiscal year a special
    Assessment applicable to that .year only for the purpose of
    defraying, in whole or in part, the cost of any construct'ion,
    reconstruction, repair, or replacement of, a capital Improvement
    upon the Common Area, provided that any such special Assessment
    shall have the assent of two-thirds ( 2 1 3 ) of the votes for each
    class of Members who are eligible to vote at a meeting duly called
    to vote on such matter with at least sixty percent (60%) of Members
    who are eligible to vote represented in person or by proxy.
         7.6   Owner's Personal Obliuation for Pavment of Assessments.
    The regular and special Assessments provided for herein shall be
    the personal and individual debt of the Owner as of the date of
    levy of the Lot subject to each such Assessment, and no Owner shall
    be exempt from liability for such Assessments. In the event of
    default in the payment of any such Assessment, the Owner of the Lot
    subject thereto shall be obligated to pay interest at the highest
    rate allowed by applicable laws then in effect on the amount of
    the Assessment from the due date thereof (or if there is no such
    highest rate, then at the rate of 2% per month), together with all
    costs and expenses of collection including reasonable attorneys1
    fees. The Board shall have the right to charge a one-time late fee
    for delinquent payment of Assessments in such amount as the Board
    may from time to time deem appropriate.
         7.7   Exempt Prowerty. All portions of the Property dedicated
    to, and accepted by, a local public authority and all portions cf
    the Property owned by a charitable or nonprofit organization exempt
    from taxation by the laws of the State of Texas shall be exempt
    from the Assessments created herein.          Notwithstanding the
    foregoing, no land or Improvements devoted to dwelling use shall
    be exempt from said Assessments.
         7.8   Assessment Lien and Foreclosure.        All regular and
    special Assessments provided for herein which are not paid when
    due, together with interest and collection costs and expenses as
    herein provided, shall be secured by a continuing lien and charge
    in favor of the Association on the Lot subject to such Assessment
    and any Improvements thereon, which shall bind such Lot and
    Improvements and the Owner thereof and such Owner Is heirs,
'   devisees, personal representatives, successors or assigns. The
    obligation to pay Assessments hereunder is part of the purchase
    price of each Lot when sold to an Owner, and an express vendor's
    lien is hereby retained to secure the payment thereof and is hereby
    transferred and assigned to the Association. Additionally, a lien
    with a power of sale is hereby granted and conveyed to the
    Association to secure the payment of such Assessments. Such liens
    shall be superior to all other liens and charges against such Lot,
    except only for tax liens and the lien of any first Mortgage of
    record and securing sums borrowed for the acquisition or
    improvement of such Lot. The Board in its sole discretion may
    subordinate its Assessment liens to any other lien, and any such
    subordination shall be signed by an officer of the Association.
    To evidence any Assessment liens hereunder, the Association may
    prepare a written Notice of Assessment Lien setting forth the
    amount of the unpaid Assessments, the name of the Owner of the Lot
    subject to such Assessments and a description of such Lot, which
    shall be signed by an officer of the Association and may be            3,
    recorded in the Off ice of the County Clerk of Travis County, Texas.
    Any Assessment lien hereunder shall attach with the priority set
forth herein from the date payment is due.     Upon the written
request of any Mortgagee, the Association shall report to such
Mortgagee any Assessments then unpaid with respect to any Lot on
which such Mortgagee holds a Mortgage.
     Each Owner, by acceptance of a deed to his Lot, hereby
expressly recognizes the existence of such lien as being prior to
his ownership of such Lot and hereby vests in the Board the right
and power to bring all actions against such Owner or Owners
personally for the ccllection of such unpaid Assessments and other
sums due hereunder as a debt, and to enforce the aforesaid lien by
all methods available for the enforcement of ,such.liens,'both        '

judicially and by non-judicial foreclosure pursuant to Texas
Property Code S 51.002 (as same may be amended or revised from time
to time hereafter) and in addition to and in connection therewith,
by acceptance of the deed to his Lot, expressly GRANTS, BARGAINS,
SELLS AND CONVEYS to the President of the Association from time to
time serving, as trustee (and to any substitute or successor
trustee as hereinafter provided for) such Owner's Lot, and all
rights appurtenant thereto, in trust, for the purpose of securing
the aforesaid Assessment, and other sums due hereunder remaining
unpaid hereunder by such Owner from time to time. The trustee
herein designated may be changed any time and from time to time by
execution of an instrument in writing signed by the President or
Vice President of the Association and attested to by the Secretary
of the Association and filed in the Office of the County Clerk of
Travis County, Texas. In the event of the election by the Board
to foreclose the liens herein provided for nonpayment of sums
secured to be paid by such lien, then it shall be the duty of the
trustee, or his successor, as hereinabove provided, at the request
of the Board (which request shall be presumed) to enforce this
trust and to sell such Lot, and all rights appurtenant thereto, at
the door of the County Courthouse of Travis County, Texas, on the
first Tuesday in any month between the hours of 10:OO a.m. and 4:00
p.m. to the highest bidder for cash at public vendue after the
trustee and the Board, respectively, shall have given notice of the
proposed sale in the manner hereinafter set forth and to make due
conveyance to purchaser or purchasers, with general warranty of
title to such purchaser or purchasers binding upon the Owner or
Owners of such Lot and his heirs, executors, administrators and
successors. The trustee shall give notice of such proposed sale
by posting a written notice of time, place and terns of the sale
for at least twerity-one (21) consecutive days preceding the date
of sale at the Courthouse door of Travis County, Texas, and, in
addition, the Board shall serve written notice at least twenty-one
(21) days preceding the date of sale or the proposed sale by
certified mail on each of such Owner or Owners according to the
records of the Association.      Service of such notice shall be
completed upon deposit of the notice, enclosed in a postpaid
wrapper, properly addressed to such Owner or Owners at the most
recent address as shown by the records of the Association, in a
post office or official depository under the care and custody of
the United States Postal Service. The affidavit of any person
having knowledge of the facts to the effect that such service was
completed shall be prima facie evidence of the fact of such
service.
     At any foreclosure, judicial or non-judicial, the Association
shall be entitled to bid up to the amount of the sum secured by its
lien, together with costs and attorneys' fees, and to apply as a
cash credit against its bid all sums due to the Association covered
by the lien foreclosed. From and after any such foreclosure, the
occupants of such Lot shall be required to pay a reasonable rent
for the use of such Lot and such occupancy shall constitute a
tenancy-at-sufferance, and the purchaser at such foreclosure shall
be entitled to the appointment of a receiver to collect such rents
and, further, shall be entitled to sue for recovery of possession
of such Lot by forcible detainer without further notice.              T
     It is the intent of the provisions of this Section to comply
with the provisions of Texas Property Code S 51.002, relating to
non-judicial sales by power of sale and, in the event of the
amendment of said S 51.002 hereafter, which amendment is applicable
hereto, the President of the Association, acting without joinder
of any other Owner or Mortgagee or other person may, by amendnent
to this Declaration filed in the Office of the County Clerk of
Travis County, Texas, amend the provisions hereof so as to comply
with said amendments to S 51.002.

                            ARTICLE 8
                            EASEMENTS
     8.1   Reserved Easements.     All dedications, limitations,
restrictions and reservations shown on any Plat and all grants and
dedications of easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, and related
rights made by Declarant prior to the Property becoming subject to
this Declaration, are incorporated herein by reference and made a
part of this Declaration for all purposes as if fully set forth
herein, and shall be construed as being adopted in each and every
contract, deed or conveyance executed or to be executed by or on
behalf of Declarant conveying any part of the Property. Declarant
further reserves the right to make changes in and additions to any
such easements and rights-of-way as Declarant deems necessary to
efficiently and economically develop the Property.        Declarant
further reserves the right, without the necessity of the joinder
of any Owner or other Person and at any time or from time to time,
to grant, dedicate, reserve or otherwise create rights-of-way and
easements in favor of any person or entity for public utility
purposes (including, without limitation, gas, water, electricity,
telephone, television, and drainage) along any Lot line, provided
that same shall have a maximum width of ten feet (10') on each side
of such Lot line.
     8.2   Public Utility Easement Dedication. Declarant hereby
dedicates to the public use forever the utility easements shown on
the Plats ("Utility EasementsIt), which shall be available to all
public utilities for public utility use. The maintenance of any
sidewalk, paving or other permitted Improvement on the Utility
Easements is the responsibility of the Owner. No buildings, decks,
pools, or spas shall be constructed, reconstructed, or placed upon,
over, or across the Utility Easements except with the consent of
the Architectural Control Committee and of each utility company
using such Utility Easement. Any public utility using the Utility
Easements shall have the right to remove all or parts of any such
Improvements and to trim overhanging trees which in any way
endanger or substantially interfere with the construction,
maintenance, or efficiency of or access to its use of the Utility
Easements; shall at all times have the full right of ingress and
egress to or from and upon said Utility Easements for the purpose
of constructing, reconstructing, inspecting, patrolling, maintain-
ing, and adding to or removing all or parts of its utility system
situated therein without the necessity at any time of procuring the
permission of any Owner; and shall have the right of ingress and
egress to the Lots for the purpose of reading meters and any
maintenance and service required or ordinarily performed by such
public utility with respect to its utility system. In the event
any public utility removes or damages any fence, tree, ground cover   .
or other landscaping, paving, driveways, or curbs within the
Utility Easements, then such public utility shall repair or replace
such item so removed or damaged.
     8.3   prainaae Easements. Each Owner covenants to provide
easements for drainage and water flow as required by the land
contours and the arrangement of Improvements approved by the
Architectural Control Committee. Each Owner further covenants not
to disturb or displace any trees or other vegetation within any
drainage easement shown on the Plats and/or created in this
Declaration. There shall be no construction of any temporary or
permanent Imprdvements in any drainage easement, except as approved
in writing by the Architectural Control Committee.
     8.4   Surface Area.     The surface of easement areas for
underground utility services may be used for landscaping and other
Improvements as and to the extent permitted under this Declaration.
However, Declarant shall not be liable to any Owner or to the
Association for any damage done by Declarant or Declarantlsagents,
employees, servants or assigns, to any such items as a result of
any activity relating to the construction, maintenance, operation
or repair of any facility in any such easement area.

                             ARTICLE 9
                         COMMON PROPERTIES
     9.1   Easements of Enfoment. Subject to the provisions of
Section 9.3 hereof, every Member shall have the right and easement
of enjoyment in and to the Common Area, which right and easement
is appurtenant to the Lots. If ingress and egress to any Lot is
through the Common Area, the Owner of such Lot shall have an
easement of access across and upon the Common Area to his Lot, and
any conveyance of the Common Area shall be subject to such access
easement.
         9.2  Title to Common Properties: Insurance. Before the sale
 of the first Lot, Declarant shall convey the Common Area to the
 Association, free and clear of all encumbrances, and the
 Association shall thereafter be responsible for the operation and
 maintenance of the Common Area. Any mortgage, pledge, or other
 conveyance of Common Area shall require assent of two-thirds (2/3)
 of the votes for each class of Members who are eligible to vote in
 person or by proxy at a meeting duly called to vote on such matter.
 The Board or its duly authorized agent shall have the authority to
 and shall obtain insurance for all insurable improvements on the
 C o m o n Area against loss or damage by fire or other hazards,
 including extended coverage, vandalism, and malicious mischief.
 This insurance shall be in an amount sufficient to cover the full
 replacement cost of any repair or reconstruction of the insurable
 improvement on the Common Area in the event of damage or
 destruction from any such hazard. The Board shall also obtain a
 public liability policy covering the Common Area, the Association,
 and its Members for all damage or injury caused by the negligence
 of the Association or any of its Members or agents, and may, at the
 discretion of the Board, obtain directors1 and officers' liability
'insurance. The public liability policy shall have at least a Five
 Hundred Thousand Dollar ($500,000.00) per person limit, as respects
 bodily injury, a one Million Dollar ($1,000,000.00) limit per
 occurrence, and a TWO Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollar ($250,000.00)
 minimum property danage limit. Premiums for all insurance on the
 Common Area shall be at the expense of the Association. The policy
 may contain a reasonable deductible, and the amount thereof shall
 be added to the face amount of the policy in determining whether
 the insurance at least equals the full replacement cost.
     9.3   E x t e n t .           The rights and easements of
enjoyment created hereby shall be subject to the following:
     (a)        The right of the Association to prescribe rules and
                regulations for the use, enjopent, and maintenance of
                the Common Area;
                                                                                       I
     (b)        The right of the ~ssociationto sell and convey the
                Common Area, or any part thereof, provided such sale or
                conveyance is approved by two-thirds (2/3) of the votes
                for each class of Members who are eligible to vote in
                person or by proxy at a meeting duly called to vote on
                such matter, written notice of which shall be given to
                all members at least thirty (30) days in advance and
                shall set forth the purpose of the meeting;
     (c)        The right of the Association to borrow money for the
                purpose of improving the Common Area, or any part
                thereof, and to mortgage, pledge or hypothecate any or
                all of its real or personal property as security for
                money borrowed or debts incurred;
     (d)        The right of the Association to take such steps as are
                reasonably necessary to protect the Common Area, or any
                part thereof, against foreclosure;
     (e)        The right of the Association to suspend the easements
                of enjoyment of any member of the Association during
                which time any Assessment levied under Article 7 hereof
                remains unpaid, and for any period not to exceed sixty
                (60) days for any infraction of its published rules and
                regulations.

                                               ARTICLE 10
                                              MISCELLANEOUS
     10.1       w. This Declaration shall run until December 31,
                                                                                       I
2002, unless amended as herein provided. After December 31, 2002,
this Declaration shall be automatically extended for successive
periods of ten (10) years each, unless amended in accordance with
Section 10.2 below or terminated by a written instrument executed
by Owners entitled to cast at least three-fourths ( 3 / 4 ) of the
votes for each class of Members who are voting in person or by
proxy at a meeting duly called to vote on such matter.
     10.2       Amendment.               This Declaration may be amended as follows.
     (a)        This Declaration may be amended by an affirmative vcte
                of ninety percent (90%) of a quorum of Members present
                in person or by proxy at a meeting duly called to vote
                on such aatter until the earlier of (i) December 31,
                2002, or (ii) the date on which when the total votes
                outstanding in the Class A membership equals the total
                votes outstanding in the Class B membership (i-e. the
                date that 75% of the Lots have been sold by Declarant).
                Prior to December 31, 2002, Declarant may amend this
                Declaration at any time (i) to correct typographical and
                grammatical errors, and (ii) in order to comply with VA
                and/or FH.4 requirements for approval of their respective
                loan guaranty programs related to the Property. A?y
                such amendment shall be effective upon recordation In
                the Travis County Real Property Records of an instrument
                executed and acknowledged by Declarant setting forth the
                amendment.
     (b)        After the earlier of (i) December 31, 2002, or (ii) the
                date on which when the total votes outstanding in the
                Class A membership equals the total votes outstanding
                in the Class B membership (i.e. the date that 7 5 % of the
                                                   24                                  T
           REL: P ; . C . ~ L f ; . 2ICDRDS
            TEAYIS Q0I:NT:.          TEXhE
            Lots have been sold by Declarant), and in addition to
            any amendment pursuant to subparagraph (a), this
            Declaration may be amended by the recording in the
            Travis County Real Property Records of an instrument
            executed and acknowledged by the President and Secretary
            of the Association, setting forth the amendment and
            certifying that such amendment has been approved by at
            least three-fourths (3\4) of the votes for each Member
            who is voting in person or by proxy at a meeting duly
            called to vote on such matter.
     10.3 Notices. Any notice permitted or required to be given
by this Declaration shall be in writing and may be delivered either
personally or by mail. If delivery is made by mail, it shall be
deemed to have been delivered on the third (3rd) day (other than
a Sunday or legal holiday) after being deposited in the United
States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the Person at the
address given by such Person to the Association for the purpose of
service of notices. Such address may be changed from time to time
by notice in writing given by such Person to the Association.
     10.4 VA/FHA Ar~roval. So long as there exists a Class B
Membership, the following actions will require the prior approval
of the VA and/or the FHA, as applicable: (i) annexation of
additional property other than the property described on Exhibit
C attached hereto, (ii) dedication of additional Conmon Area, and
(iii) amendment of this Declaration (except for amendments to
correct typographical and gramatical errors).
     10.5 Interpretation.     The provisions of this Declaration
shall be liberally construed to effectuate the purposes of creating
a uniform plan for the development and operation of the Property
and of promoting and effectuating the terms and provisions set
forth in this Declaration. This Declaration shall be construed and
governed under the laws of the State of Texas.
     10.6 B e m ~ t i o nof Declarant. Notwithstanding any provision
herein to the contrary, neither Declarant nor any of Declarantls
activities shall in any way be subject to the control of or under
the jurisdiction of the Association, the Board, or the
Architectural Contrcl Committee. Without in any way limiting the
generality of the preceding sentence, this Declaration shall not
prevent or limit the right of Declarant to excavate and grade, to
construct and alter drainage patterns and facilities, to construct
any and all types of Improvements, including but not limited to
construction, sales, and leasing offices and similar facilities,
and to post signs incidental to construction, sales and leasing
enywhere within the Property.
     10.7 Fssisnment bv Declarant. Notwithstanding any provision
herein to the contrary, Declarant may assign, in whole or in part,
any of its privileges, exemptions, rights and duties under this
Declaration to any other person or entity and nay permit the
participation, in whole or in part, by any other person or entity
in any of its privileges, exemptions, rights and duties hereunder.
Any such assignment by Declarant shall be effective upon
recordation in the Travls County Real Property Records of an
instrument executed and acknowledged by Declarant evidencing such
assignment.
     10.8 Enforcement and Nonwaiver. Except as otherwise provided
herein, any Owner at such Owner's expense, Declarant, and/or the
Association shall have the right to enforce any and all provisions
of this Declaration and the Restrictions. Such right of enforce-
ment shall include b?th damages for, and injunctive relief against,
the breach of any such provision. The failure to enforce any such
provision at any time shall not constitute a waiver of the right


          REAL Fi(Ci'_F:: .'.TCDRSS
           TR&VIS 10Ult I?, TEXAS
thereafter to enforce any such provision or any              other' such
provision.
                                                                           3
      10.9   General,
      (a)    The provisions of this Declaration and of the Restric-
             tions shall be deemed independent and severable, and the
             invalidity or partial invalidity of any provision or
             portion thereof shall not affect the validity' or
             enforceability of any other provision or portion
             thereof.

      (b)    Unless the context requires a contrary construction, the
             singular shall include the plural, the plural shall
             include the singular, and the masculine, feminine or
             neuter shall each include the masculine, feminine and
             neuter.
      (c)    All captions and titles used in this Declaration are
             intended solely for convenience of reference and shall
             not enlarge, limit or otherwise affect the text of the
             paragraphs, sections and articles hereof.

     IN WITNESS hVEREOF, Declarant has executed this Declaration
as of January 11, 1933.


                                 MELLON PROPERTIES COMPANY



                                 Name (print): ?3i4kC 3.(Y\acg,a
                                 Title (print): d , & R a < \ B o ; t

THE STATE OF TEXAS      §
                        §
COUNTY OF 7;;1;,-.      5
     This instrument was acknowledged before me on .*I,... . . . ;- :
                                                             .    ,-8,



1993, by i O r ; / \ ' I , . .       i . 1 ,.
                                     I     1   f l t d
                                                  I         of MELLQN
PROPERTIES COMPANY, a Louisiana corporation, on behalf of said
corporation.


                                 NOTARY P U B L ~ C ,State of Texas


              STATE OF T U A S
S e c t i o n 2.3
S e c t i o n 3.4
                             --         Withdraw Land
                                        Signs
S e c t i o n 3.10         -            Underground L i n e s
S e c t i o n 5.3
S e c t i o n 9.2
S e c t i o n 9.3
                           ---          Voting R i g h t s
                                        Amendment
                                        E x t e n t of Easements




               REAL P i c ( i F t F . i ~i S b i c D S
                TRAYIS COIJHT;. T E X A S

                1 1 8 -6 3        -.     1173
                             EXHIBIT A
                                 TO
             BCOFIELD REGIDENTIAL AREA DECLARATION OF
              COVENAS'S, CONDITIONB AND REGTRICTIONB
                      (Property Description)
     All of the real property located in Scofield, Phase VI,
Section I, a subdivision in Travis County, Texas, according t o the
map or plat recorded in Volume 90, Page 250, Plat Records of Travis
county, Texas.
                            EXRIBIT B
                               TO
            BCOPIELD RESIDENTIAL ARE3 DECLARATION OF
             COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONB
                    (Common A r e a ~escription)
     Lot 3, Block B, Scofield, Phase VI, Section I, a subdivision
in Travis County, Texas, according to the map or plat recorded in
Volume 90, Page 250, Plat Records of Travis County, Texas.
     Lot 18-A,   Block J, Scofield, Phase VI, Section I, a
subdivision in Travis County, Texas, according to the map or plat
recorded in Volume 90, Page 250, Plat Records of Travis County,
Texas.
     All of the real property described by metes and bounds on
Schedule B-1 attached hereto.
                          PAGE 1 OF 4 OF GCBEDULE 8-1
                                            TO
                                       EXHIBIT B
                                            TO
                BCOPIELD R E S I D E N T I A L AREA DECL?R?iTION OF
                 COVEHANTB, CONDITIONS AND R E S T R I C T I O N S



BEING ALL OF THAT CERTAIN TRACT OF LAND OUT OF Ahp A PARf OF
THE JOHN hf. SNlSHER SURVEY NUhiBER 100, SITUATED IN TRAVIS
COUNTY, TEXAS, hlORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS BEING OUT OF AND
A PART OF THAT CERTAIN TRACT OF LAhD COM'EYED TO MELLON
PROPERTIES COhlPANY, FOUND OF RECORD IN VOLUhE 10399, PAGE 736,
TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS DEED RECORDS, SAID TRACT OF LAND BEING
0.327 OF AN ACRE (14,284 SQUARE FEET) OF LAX43 hiORE FULLY DESCRIBED
BY METES AND BOUNDS AS FOLLOWS:

BEGIhhWG, at a point for the northeast coma of the herein descnied tract, from which
point the southwest comer o f b t 1, Block "I",Scofield Phase VI, Section 4 a subdivision
of record in Plat Book 90, Pages 250-25 1, Travis Count); Texas Plat Records bears
S 6W32'00" E, 5.00 feet, N 29"28'00nE, 80.00 feet and N 60^32'00nW, 54.04 feet, .

THENCE, S 60"32'0OnE, 5.00 feet to a point at the beginning of a curve,

THENCE, with a m e to the right having a Radius of 20.00 feet, an arc length of 3 1.42
feet, and whose chord bean S 15"32'0OnE, 28.28 fwt to a point at the md of said m e
for the southeast corner of the herein described tmrt,

THEXCE, wirb the nonh R0.W. line of Cedar Bend Drive, a street dedicated within said
Scofield Phase VI, S d o n I the fo1lov;ing two (2) courses and distances numbered (1)
and (2):

(1)    S 2P28'00" W, 475.13 feet to a point at the beginning of a w e ,                      3
(2j    with a curve to the right having &Radiusof 25.00 feet, an arc length of 39.66 feet,
       and whose chord bears S 7434'58" W, 35.63 feet to a point at the intersection of
       said nonh R0.W. line of Cedar Bend Drive and the e a R0.W. line of Parmer
       Lane for the southwest corner of the herein described tract,

THENCE, with the said east R.O.W. line of Parmer Lane the follovling two (2) courses
and dinances, numbered (1) and (2):

(1).   with a m e to the right having a Radius of 5654.58 feet, an arc length of 3 1.61
       feet, and whose chord bears N 5gA28'29"W, 31.61 feet to a point at the end of
       Mid curve,
(2).   N 5P18'12" W, 23.39 feet to a point for the northwest comer of the herein
       demibed tract.

THENCE, with the north line of the herein described tract, the following two (2) courses
m d dinances, runbered (1) and (2):

(1)    N 75"l448" E,76.70 feet to a point.
(2)    N 2gA28'00"E, 465.99 feet to the POD??OF BEGINNING, c o n d h g 0.327 of
       an acre (1 4,284 square feet) of land.


PREPARED BY:                                              0      7
                             B R Y &~ASSOCIA lES L~UJIIEYLWGCO., INC
                             3401 Slmrghrer h e
                             Austin, Ternr 78748
                             (512) 282-0170
KETCH TO ACCOMPANY FIELD NOTES FOR 0.327 OF AN ACRE
14,284 SO. F.T.1 OF LAND OUT OF AND A PART OF THE
OHN M . SWISHER SURVEY NO.. 100, SITUATED I N TRAVIS
OUNTY, TEXAS.                                        ... 4                                                       I
          . .




                                                                     -
                :.15~L3;.I PX33EX-c:;'>   :
                                          3.
                   :s3W
                .J~L.          FG 73'4




                                                                                 3;-               FOR
                                                                                    -TCJ-?~C--.ACQW~C ~
                                                                                  6 A S L l l E N T ' PURQOGES




- -,:.,                                        k ' ~ < kA   AUSTIN TWAB. 78748    05121 282-
                              PAGE 3 OF 4 OF SCHEDULE B-1
                                       TO
                                   EXHIBIT B
                                       TO
                    BCOFIELD REBIDENTIAL AREA DECLAflATION OF
                     COVENANTB, CONDITIONS AND REGTRICTIOHB



BEING ALL OF THAT CERTAIN TRACT OF LAND OUT OF A    ND A PART OF
THE JOHN M. SWSHER SURVEY hZThlBER 100, SITUATED IN TRAVIS
COUNTY, TEXAS,MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS BEING OUT OF AND
A PART OF THAT CERTAIN TRACT OF LAhTD C O h m Y E D TO' MELLON
PROPERTIES COhPANY, FOUND OF RECORD IN VOLUME 10399, PAGE 736,
T U M S COUNW, TEXAS DEED RECORDS, SAID m C T OF LAND BEING
0.212 OF AN ACRE (9,241 SQUARE FEET) OF LAND MORE NLLY DESCRIBED
BY h E E S Ah?)BOUhpS AS FOLLOWS:

BEGKhWTNG, a! a point on the south R0.W. line of Cedar Bend Drive, a men
dedicated wi,ilhin Scofield Phase V1, S ~ z o nI, a subdivision of record in Plat Book 90,
Pages 250-251, Travis County, Texas Plat Records, same point being the southwest
corner of Lot 3, Block "A" of said subdivido~for the northeast corner of the herein
described tract.

THEhlCE, S 2244 1'00"E, 31.66 fen to a point for the southeast corner of the herein
described t n a

THENCE, S 29^28'00mW, 249.62 feet lo a p o i .

THENCE, S 15"13'11" E, 78.02 feet to a point on the east R0.W. line of Parmer Lane.
for tbe southwest corner ofthe herein described Pact,

THENCE,N 6OA13'1 1" W, 55.00 feet to a point at the intersedon of the said R0.M'. line
of Panner Lane and the south R0.W. line of Cedar Bend Drive for the northwest comer
of the herein described tract,

m 7 C E , with the said R0.W. line of Cedar Bend Drive the following two (2) comes
and distances, numbered ( I ) and (2),

(1).       with a nvve to the righr haking a Radius of 25.00 feet, an arc length of 39.13 feet,
           and whose chord bears N 15"22'35* W, 35.26 feet to a point at the end of said
       .   m e .

(2).        N 29^28'00mE, 299.21 feel to the POIhT OF BEGIXTJWG, containing 0212 of
           an acre (9,24 I square feet) of land.




PREP-           BY:

                                 Austin, T
                                         &      78748
                                  (512) 262-01 70
    SKETCH TO ACCOMPANYFIELD NOTES FOR 0.212 OF AN ACRE
     C 9,241 SO. F T . 1 OF LAND OUT OF AND A PART OF THE
    JOHNJM. SWISHER SURVEY NO. 100. SITUATED I N TRAVIS
    COUNTY, TEXAS                                         \** .
                                                                                                                                             \
                                                                                                                                             +'
                                                                                                                                                  .
                                                                                                                                                      ..
                                   .     .                     ,     .
           . .

                                       i '
                                                I                  :/i"c L 'L ~ T J

     -
     - Er
           -4%                                  I        3
                                                             PR3PEX-f :€%I 23.
                                                                                  P7.735
     03
     107
           f;;
            c*::
                                       Q
                                             -:-.-
                                                   \ -----               ---- ---~
     !Ws!.;
       -.-. ,                                                 CEDAR @END m 1 V E
     - - -. ..
       -*
     - ES
            -.I.<


            2:
                                                              NZq'ZB' W E         2zq.Zl
                                                                                             FZblrlT OF
                                                                                           (RU;!WNING
                                                                                                 ----                 Lw*.-TD      RE ALBo\RE=
                                                                                                                            i -SE~\EI'IT. RJfWSE5..
            cntJ
     CD
                    - '.- .    .


                       .   -
Y                                                                                                         AUSTIN TEXAS. 78748   612) 28
                                    EXHIBIT C
                                       TO
                    SCOPIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA DECLARATION OF
                     COVENANTB, CONDITION6 AND RESTRICTION8
                             (Additional Land Description)
          A l l o f t h e r e a l p r o p e r t y d e p i c t e d on t h e m a s t e r p l a n and more
p a r t i c u l a r l y d e s c r i b e d by metes and bounds on S c h e d u l e C-1 a t t a c h e d
hereto.
              PAGE 1 OF 8 OF SCHEDULE C-1
                                  M
                    EXHIBIT C
                       TO
      SCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA DECLARATION OF
       COVENANTS, ,CONDITIONS AKD RESTRICTIONS




FIE!,L i.;::??i!:'f i!SGrJRDS
  TF.A:'IL ZO'JI:; t, T E X A S
                         PAGE 2 OP 8 OF SCHEDULE C-1
                                     TO
                                  EXHIBIT C
                                           1u
                BCOPIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA DECLARATION OF
                 COVENAh"r8, CONDITIONS AND REGTRICTIONB

 PHASE I
BEING ALL OF THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAhD OUT OF Ah?) A
PART OF THE J. M. SU?SHER SURVEY Ah?) THE T. C. COLLINS SURVEY
SlTUATED IN TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS, MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED
AS BEIh'G OUT OF AND A PART OF THAT CERTAlh' TRACT OF LAND
COh'VEYED TO MELLON PROPERTIES COMPAh'Y, FOUND OF RECORD IN
VOLUME 10399, PAGE 736, TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS DEED RECORDS, SAID
TRACT BEING89.15 ACRES OF LAND,BEING IN TWO PARTS rnDrVIDuALLY
DESCRIBED BY METES AND BOUNDS AS FOLLOWS:

BEGBINING, at a point for the southeast corner of the herein described tract, from which
point the most southerly corner of above said Mellon Propenjes Tract bears
S 21449'12" W, 170.00 fect,

THENCE,         the south line of the herein descnied uact the follouing meen (15)
courses and dinances, numbered 1 through 15;

        N 68"11WMW, 170.00 feet to a point,
        N 57A24'00*W, 150.00 feet to a point,
        S 84^19'16" W, 251.27 feet to a point,
        N 7SA20'03"W, 180.24 feet to a point,
        N 57"29'16" U', 7S.16 feet to a point,
        N 48"10'36" W, 71.59 feet to a point,
        N 72^21t59"W, 71.59 feet to a point,
        N 60A16'17"W, 70.00 feet to a point,
        N 76"13'01" W, 72.80 feet to a point,
        N 60"16'17" W, 66.96 feet to a point,
        N 22Y 1'00"W, 220.76 feet to a point,
        N 29"28'0OUE,203.56 feet to a point,
        X 6P32'00" W, 515.29 feet to a point at the beginning of a m e ,
        with a m e to the right having a Radius of 400.00 feet, an arc length of 255.63
        feet, and whose chord bears N 42A13'30"W, 251.30 feet to a point at the end o i
        w e ,
        N 23Y5'0OWW, 398.07 feet to a point, for the southwest comer of herein
        described tract,

THENCE,with the westerly line of the herein described tract the following four (4)
courses and distances, numbered 1 through 4;

  1.    N 66'Q5'00nE,766.40 feet to a point at the beginning of a m e ,
  2.    with a curve to th: left having a Radius of 1050.00 feet, an arc length of 973.72
        feet, and whose chord bears N 3gA31'00" E, 939.20 feet to a point,
  3.    N 12A57'00"E,687.60 feet to a point at the beginning of a curve,
  4.    with a curve to the right having a Radius of 950.00 feet, an arc length of 148.15
        feet, and whose chord bean N 17"25'03" E, 148.00 feet to a poim for the
        northwest corner of the herein described tract.
                        PAGE 3 OF 8 OF GCHEDULE C-1
                                    TO
                                 EmIBTOI T C

               SCOFIELD RESIDEhTIAL AREA DECLARATION OF
                COVENAXTB, CONDITIOHB Ahp RESTRICTIOHB


THENCE,with the wterly line of the herein described tract the following fourteen (14)
courses and distances, numbered 1 through 14;

        S 85V7'19" E, 170.43 feet to a point,
        S 22"12'00mE, 260.00 feet to a point,
        S 52W7'26"E, 450.75 feet to a point,
        S 28"12'00" E, 65.00 feet to a poinr,
        S 11W9'12"E, 559.86 feet to a point,'
        S 02W5'51" W, 128.77 feet to a point,
        S 29"33'00n W, 143.27 feet to a point,
        N 60A27'00"W, 120.00 feet to a point,
        S 2Y33'0OnW, 636.25 feet to a point,
        S 57"29'0OUE, 155.00 feet to a point,
        S 67"29'00n E, 120.00 feet to a point,
        S 57"29'00" E, 185.00 feet to a point,
        S 11'44'31" W, 1046.08 feet to a point at the b e w g of a m e ,
        S 21"49'12"W, 277.96 feet to the POINT OF BEGINhJIG, cenrzining 89.15
        acres of land.
SAVE AVD EXCEDT all of the real propertv located in SCOFIZL3,
Phase VI, Section I, a subdivision in Travis Countv, Texas,
according t o the map or plat recorded in Volume 90, Page 250
of the " l a t Records of Travis Countv, Texas.
                                  PAGE 4 OF 8 OP SCHEDULE C - 1
                                              TO
                                           EXHIBIT C
                                              TO
                           GCOPIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA DECLARATION OF
                            COVEKANTB, CONDITIOHB AND RESTRICTION8




            All of Lot Two ( 2 ) , Block "PI" GCOFIELD FXRY,S PKkSE 4
            EECTION FOOR ( 4 ) , a subdivisicn according to the book or
            plzt thereof in Book 89, Page 3 6 4 , Flat Records of Travis
            County, Texas.


          ?EASE I1
BEING ALL T W T CERTAIP: T U C T OR PARCEL OF Uh?) OCT OF Ah'D A PM.T OF THE J.H.
Sh'SSHER SURVEY AND THE T.C. COLLICS SLQVEY, SITUATED Ih' TRAVIS COUlOY,
TEXAS, SAID TUCT BEING XOFX p a , T s c E w r Y DESCRIBED AS BEING A P O R T ~ O X OF
T U T CEESlrIh' TRACT COh'VI'iED TO HELLOX PBOP2.TIES CO?PIJY I N VOLLYE 10399.
PAGE 7 3 6 , T U V I S COUhSY, T U S DEED RECO?SS, BEICG 20.969 A C E S , HO?L FULLY
DESCF.XEED EY Y!TES M'D B 3 W T S A S FOLLUJS:

BEGIh?:ING a t a p o i n r a t t h e s o u t h v e s r c o r n e r of Lor 1 , E l o c k "E", S c o f i e l d
F a m s P h a s e 1 S e c r i o n 2 , e s u b d i v i s i o n found of r e c o r d i n book 8 6 , P a g e s 140
a n d 1%. same b e i n g t h e 6 o u r h v e s r c o r n e r of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r a c t ,

TEENCE, b5:h             t h e v e s t e r l y l i n e of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r e c r t h e f o l l o v i n g
a l n e ( 5 ) c o u r s e s rnt d i s t a n c e s , n u n b e r e d 1 t t r o x g h 9 ,
    1. S 8 6 ' 1 4 ' 2 3 " E , 422.23 f e e t t o a p o i n t ,
    2 . X 7 3 ' 3 9 ' 1 5 " E , 111.00 f e e t r o a p3:2t,
    3 . 1; 6 3 ' 4 8 ' 0 0 " E , 109.21 f e e t t o a pciz:,
    4 . h' 4 8 ' 5 5 ' 0 0 " E , 110.88 f e e r t o a p o i n r ,
    5 . N 45.15'00" E, 104.85 f e e r r o a pain:,
    6. E 1 2 ' 0 4 ' 0 0 " E , 245.63 f e e t t o a poin:,
    7 . N 0 2 ' 0 7 ' 4 5 " E, 383.48 f e e t t o a polo:,
    8. h' 2 7 ' 1 4 ' 4 5 " E , 321.72 f e e t t o a p o i n t ,
    9. h' 0 9 ' 1 1 ' 0 0 " E, 122.44 f e e t f o r t h e n o r t h v e s t c o r n e r o f :he                     herein
        described t r a c t ,

TEl:,:CZ, v i r h t h e n o r t h e r l y l i n e of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d r r a : t ,
                                                                                                  the f o l l o ~ d n g
s e v e r (7) c o u r s e s and d i s t a n c e , n u x b e r e d 1 t t r o u g h 7 ,
 - 1.. iotf r h86.25
                   a c u r v e r o t h e l e f t h a v i n g e rad;cs of 466.33 fee:,             an e r c l e n g r h
                            f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s h' 86'51'38" E , 88.12 f e e r t o a
         p o i n t a r t h e begioning of a curve.
   2. ~ 5 t ha c u r v e r o t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a d i u s of 15.00 f e e t , e n a r c l e n g t h
         o f 26.18 f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s S 4 8 ' 3 2 ' 3 0 " E , 22.98 f e e t r o a
         p o i n t a t t h e e3d o f s a i d c u n e ,
   3. h' 7 6 ' 3 8 ' 3 0 " E, 62.06 f e e r t o a p c i n r a; t h e b e g i n n i n g c f E c u r v e ,
   4 . v i r h a c u r v e t o t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a C l u s of 15.00 fee:,           an t r c l e n g t h
         o f 20.94 f e e t and v b o s e c h o r d b e a r s h' 41'27'16" I, 19.28 f e e t r o a
         p o i n t a t t h e b e g i n d n g of e c u r v e ,
   5 . w i t h a c u r v e r o t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a i i c s of 470.E5 f e e t , aa a r c l e n g t h
         o f 251.87 f e e r and v h o s e c h o r d b e s r s S E3'13'43" E, 246.88 f e e r r o a
         p o i n t a t t h e end of r a i d c u r v e ,
    6. S 67"54'1S1' E , 10.28 f e e r t o a p o i n ; a t r h e b e g i n n i n g of a c u r v e ,
    7. d - t h a c u r v e t o t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a t i u s of 15.00 f e e t , a n r r c l e n g r h
         o f 23.04 f e e t and vhose c h o r d b e a r s S 23'54'15" E, 20.84 f e e r f o r t h e
         n o r t h e a s r e r l y c o r n e r of t h e h e r e i s d e s c r i b e d r r a c r .
                                 PAGE 5 OF 8 OF SCBEDULE C-1
                                             TO
                                          EXHIBIT C
                                             TO
                          SCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA DECLARATION OF
                           COVENAhTS, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTION8




TEEKCE, v i t h t h e e a s t e r l y l i n e of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r a c t , t h e f o l l o u i n g
f o u r ( 4 ) c o u r s e s and d i s t a n c e , numbered 1 t h r o u g h 4 ,
    1. v i t h a c u r v e t o l e f t h a v i n p a r a d i u s o f 1 , 0 5 0 . 0 0 f e e t , a n a r c l e n g t h of
        130.95 f e e r and vhose c h o r d b e s r s S 16'31'22" h', 130.67 f e e : t o                         point
        i t t h e end of s e i d c g r v e ,
   2 . S 1 2 ' 5 7 ' 0 0 " k', 667.60 f e e r t o a p o i n t a t t h e begizr.ing o f a c u r v e ,
   3. v i t h a c u r v e r o t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a d i u s of 950.00 f e e t , a n a r c l e n g t h
        of 880.98 f e e t and v h o s e chord b e a r s S 39'31'00'' k', 849.75 f e e t t o 6
        p o i n t a t t h e end o f s a i d c u r v e ,
   4. S 6 6 ' 0 5 ' 0 0 " V , 719.00 f e e t f o r t h e s o u t h v e s t c o r n e r o f t h e h e r e i n '
        described t r a c t .

TENCE, w i t h t h e s o u t h e r l y l i n e of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r a c t t h e f o l l o r - i n g
r h r e e ( 3 ) c o u r s e s and d i s r a n c e , n u n b e r e d 1 t h r o u g h 3 ,
    I. v i r h a c u r v e t o t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a d i u s of 15.00 f e e t , an a r c l e n g t h
         of 23.56 f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s 1; 66'55'00" L', 21.21 f e e t t o a
         p o i n t a t t h e b e g i n n i n p of a c u r v e ,
    2. ~ 9 t ha c u r v e L O t h e r i ~ h th a v i n g a r a d i u s of 631.23 f e e t , a o a r c l e n g t h
         of 271.01 f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s h' 11'37'01" h', 2 6 6 . F j f e e r t o H
         p o i n t a t t h e end of r a i d c u r v e ,
    3. h' 0 0 ' 4 0 ' 5 7 " E, 262.10 f e e t t o t h e POIKT Of EfCIhTIh'C c o r . = r i n i n g 20.969
         A c r e s Of Land.



PELPL7L3 BY:                B?.YSOK b ASSOCIhf f S SLQYF-'Itit CO.V,OMY, I X C .
                            3401 S l a u g h t e r Lane West
                            A u s t i n , Texas 7 6 7 4 8




Job: 3226-20.959 A c r e s
D i s c : SURV5
Th': s l o
6/5/S2
                                 PAGE 6 OF 8 OF SCHEDULE C-1
                                             TO
                                          EXHIBIT C
                                             TO
                          GCOPIELD RESIDEhTIAL AREA DECLARATION OF
                           COVENANTB, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS


PHASE IV
BEING ALL ?'PAT       CfRiAIh' F A C T OR PhRCLL O F U Y D Or; O F AKD A PAP.7 OT TEE
f. C. COLLIX'S SLXI'EY, SIT1;ATTD IK TRAVLS COL'h?Y, IEXCIS, S A I D T M C T BEINC
MORE F A L T I C U U R L Y DESCRIEED A6 BZIFG A PORTlOK O f T t ' T CEATAIh' TRACT
COKVEYED TO MfLLOK PNOFERTILS CO?!!A?T Ih' IOLLWE 10229, PAGE 736, TMVIS
COUITY, TEXf.5 DEED RECORDS, BEIRG 12.05 ACRES H0P.E R l l Y DESCRIBED BY M T E S
AH5 DOUhZIS A5 FOLLOYCI

BEGI~TING AT A P o x r IK THE USTEXLI' RIGHT-OF-KAY LIKE OF M ~ I CELI%. TEE
MOST NORTEET.LY C061ifR OF LOT 2 , BLOCC "P", SCOFlLiD fMLY5 Fa5f .L , SECT lOH                                         "


4 , A SUBDII'ISIOh' FOUND DT RECORD Ih' BOOK € 9 , PAGES 364-366, TRAt'?S COUIX
TEXAS P U T RECORDS, SAKE BEING 'IRE SOlTIHWEST COPJEI: OF T U EEREIt: .DESCP.IBET,
TUCT,

=~:CE,       vith t h e v e n r e r l y l i n e of r h o h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r a c t t h e fellor-ing
t v o ( 2 ) courses and d i s r s n c e c , numbercd 1 a n d 2 ,
1.     a-lth 8 curve t o the l i g h t h r v i n g A r n d i u s o! 1,250.00 f e e t , a n arc
       l c n g r h o f L28.16 f r c t end whose c h c r d b e s t s h' L4'00'39"                E, 426.07 f e e t
        t o 8 poia: e t t h e end o f shid c u r v e ,
2.      h' 5L029'?5" E, 206.39 fee: t o a pcinr f o r t h e n o r r h u e c c c o r n e r of r h e
       herein d t s c r i b t d tract.

T E E l i C f , w i t h t h e n o r t h e r l y l i n e o f t h e herei:! d c s c r l b e d r r a c r tht follorz'rng
f o u r ( 4 ) c o u r s e s ant ~ ~ E T ~ z ~I ~c ~E b~ e, : !t d=titough h ,
1         v i t h a curve r o t h e R i ~ h th a v i ~ l g.e x a d i u b of 20.00 fee:, an a r c 1eng:h
           o f 31.42 f cct, and w h o ~ e c h o r d b o o r s 5 P0*3O135"E , 28-28 f e e r zc a
           p o i n t at t h e cnd of s a i d c u r v e ,
5.         S 35"30'3j1' E l 319.15 i e c t t o a p o i n t r: t h e beginzing of a c u r v e ,
3.        ri,rk a curve ro rhc Lcfr h a v i n g r r a i i u s of 1.050.00 f e e = , an otc
          l r u t h cf 220.40 f e e t , end whose c h c r d b r n r s S 41.3i'ZL f, 220.00 fee:
           t o a p o i n t a t t b t end of s a i d c u r v c ,
4.         S 56'36'28" E, 350.00 f e e t r o e p o i n t f o r t h e ner:brrs:                        c o n e r cf t b c
          heroin described,

        S S 3 D 2 1 ' 3 2 " k , 335.00 f r e t t a r poFr,t at t h e r i f r t h e a b t corner of
fh.tX'CE,
seid Lot 2, E l o c k "P", f o r r h o sou:hcart       c o r n e r of t h e h e r e i n d e r c r i b c d
tract.

T E X C L , ~ 5 t thh e a o u t h l i n e of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d trri:t t h e f o 1 l o r ; i n p Z i v e
(5) c o u r s e c en2 C i ~ : h n c e s , n u c b r r r d 1 r t r o u g h 5 ,
1.      K 5G038'26" G, 586.24 f e e t t o c p o i r t ,
2.      S LL'b4'20" k , 35.17 f e e r t o a poi=:,
3.      S 13'00'00" k', 90.00 f e e t t o a poi=:,
4 , R 60°00'00" W, 250.00 f t c : to                       poi%:,
5.      K 5:000'00'' 1;. LOO.OO f e e t t o t h e P D I K T Of EEGfhXINC co=;ai&ng 1 2 . 0 5
       A c r e s cf l a n d .


PREPARED BY:             BRTSOh' 6 P.SSOCUTES SbRt?TI:;G                 CO!QA)X, IKC.
                         31101 S l a u g h t e r Lane U c 6 t
                         A w r i n , Texec 767&&

CEA NO.:    3226
DISK: SUSS
DATE:    6/11/92
                                            PAGE 7 OF 8 OF GCHEDOLE C-1
                                                         TO
                                                      EXHIBIT C
                                                         TO
                                     BCOPIELD REBIDENTIAL AREA DECLAWiTION OF
                                      COVEh'AHTS, CONDITIONS AND REGTRICTIOHS


                    PHASE V

                    FIELD NOTES FOR lOE.06 ACRES OF .LAND OUT OF AKD A !ART
                    Of THE FRAKCISCO GARCIA SURVEY NO. 6 0 Ah'D THE 4 . C.
                    COLLltS SURVEY NO. 61, SlTUATED Ih' ? R A W COUKTY. TEXAS.
                    SAID TRACT BgNG A PORTlOh' OF THAT CEP.ih1U TRACT OF
                    LAOD CONVEYED TO T.D. REALTY. 1NC. lh' \'OLUI:E 103S.L FACE
                    736. TRAVIS COURY. TEXAS DEED RECORDS. SAlD TRACT EUNG
                    Ti'a TRACTS OF LAND INDIVIDUALLY DUCRIBED 6Y h:fTES AND


     BEClXhlHG 81 A p i n t In m e w:th line of f o l d I.D. Red:)', Inc. l r a c l lor the rournwtst
     corner d tne netein descrloed t r r c l , from whlch point tne n o t l n w s l corner 0: r s i C
     T.D. Redly. Inc tracl Dean X lEc49'27" E, 2,203.BI fee:,
    THEh'Cf, r l t h UH CES: linc o! the henln delcribtC troct, me rollo*~n: live (5) c o m r u
    a n 6 e s t o n e c s numbercd 1 1hrOU:h 5,
      I. h. 3 0 * ? l ' l t g I. 416.G) lee1 i o o pcint,
      2. n'ru c cutve 10 Inr lell, h a v i n ~E rodim a' 4 0 . 0 0 f e e l , on a r c length o! 197.56
         f e e l and r m r e cnorC bears ti 1 7 * 3 8 ~ 1 6E,   ~ lBS.02 1ee1 to I psifit,
      l. h' D4*:5q15n I. 353.46 I t e l to A palnt,
      4. wilh a curve lo m e rip:, MvlnE I radius o! 515.00 feel, r n a r c length o: $3.55
         f e e l r n l w h s e chtrC b a r s X 1 D * t 7 1 J 7 ~E,
                                                                 ~ D9.46 lee: to D poinl,
      5. h' 1Se?@'0onI. 161.26 feel re r win1 lor lne nor~nw&. cotner o: tne nercin d e s z r b e ~


    TPEYCE. w i m m e a a . linc 0: m e nerein a a r c r b e d trsc:, u e followinp lnree (3)
    C D L ~ I S an0 &stances numoereC 1 t n m u m 5.
      !. 5 ;4*iD'OC' 5. 1.68:.71         fee: lo e psi>',
     ,   wi:n e c r v e to m e )&I, hsvinr I raCrm d 2.16O.OC fee:, an a x I e n p cc' 151.5r
         feet r n c whlse cn0.C Dears S 7EaCD'3:' E, 15;.4S fee: to a pair.:.
     3. 5 7 E * i l 1 0 ? " L. 68E.S; fee: lo a p i n : lo: the no:lne&S: w.'ner 0' the herein b u a I D e f
         xreeL,
     T!?Eh'=C-, w i n m e m: line o!        the he'eln bcrc:lbeC =ac: lnr following twelve (?2)
     re--su   an3 d r r l r n e u nmBereC 1 tnrough 12,
      1. S ?P"OO'OOr E, 180.00 feet to a ;loin:,
     2. S 6:DOO'OPv E, 130.00 fee: LO a porn&
     3. h' 7C*OO'ODn E, 50.00 fee: lo a pin;
     4. S 30~O010PnI.         50.00 fee: LO a pornl,
     t. 5 06e00'DPF \9, 10t.00 feel to r pa^?:,
     .f S c:'30'OOc t, 20G.00 lee1 lo c point.
      :. S 2S*30'DDr & 350.00 fee: lo l pin:,
     1. S 45'0010C" L, 115.00 feel lo c pornl,
     E. S 09'44'1Sm E, 14:.C3 fee! lo e po!::,
    ID. S 4C900'00" W, lOC.00 fee: LO e paint.
    21. S 7Ew5E'3O" W. 150.00 fee: to n paint,
    12. 5 E?c5e'DS" LC. ~ L ? Zleer LO A pin: for the u w t n c s t wme: d t r e Mtcifi b c s - b e d
           trrct,
     TEZHCZ, w l v l Yn routh line o! Me herein d u c r b e C uac:, the following tr.ir~eer. (131
     c o u x u an: d;rlancrs nut;bereC 1 Lrrosgh 19,
        1. 1: SP5D'5Dn IY:4IC.?l    leef to I pin:,
-       2. h' St*5B'4Sn K, 731.53 feet ro 8 poinL
        3, h' 5PW56'3:" W, 354.61 leet to I point.
        C. h' 5Pc44'l?" W, 64.00 lee: 10 c pin:,
        5. h' 5Pa55'37' IT, 395.32 lee: to c pin:,
        6. S 2!*::'2Sn  W, llC.02 f e e l l o t paint,
        7. 5 3!*:5'5?'  \$. 6t.OE fee; to r psln:,
        0. s 3!*33'3t8 W, 2i1.19 lee: to a point, .
        S. h' 5P'45'OPm W, €?;.DO leer lo r point,
    '10. S 6P9??':?" IT, 15S.St fee: 10 r point,       .
     21. f 57'13'3EU W, 667.25 f r e t to c point.
     1.: ti 59*37'OPQ' W, Ilt.4; f c c l LO 8 point.
     12.      5?*39'43= IC, 117.57 lea: lo me POIKT OF EEGlKh?KG contaixing 60.66 h t r c r or
          h n r
                                                               :.
                                                         PAGE 8 OF 8 OF SCHEDULE C-1
                                                                     TO
                                                                  EXHIBIT C
                                                            TO
                                         BCOFIELD RESIDEhTIXL AREA DECLARATION OF
                                          COVENXNTB, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONB


         BEGIH);IHG01 Ine no:lhwert corner nl u l d T.D. Really, lnc. e r c 1 lo: the northwest
         corner a' the htreln m c r b e d tract,
         THENCE,with rDe norlh line o! Ihr hc:ein d e s n b e d I r r c l , the lollowing five (5) courses
       . an d i r t s n c u numbered 1 Vlrough 5,
         I.   s s l w 1 9 1 ~ ) 8E,* ~01.64 feet to a polnl.        .
         1.   s 55*5?'31U r. IOE.ZE leer lo s pDinL
         a. 5 .61*3Et03" 1, 1,3(t.7$ l e t 1 lo r poinl.
         4. N 31*3?'5it1 i. I,OCS.~S 1 6 ~ 10 I point,
         5. S 59*l?'5PY L. ~ 0 f . 2 6f r r i LO r pohl lor Ihc northenrr corner OI the herein OescrlBed
              1rrc1.
         THERtt, wlln me u s 1 line d Vle herein dcscrbeC tract, Lhe lollowinr eirht (8) courses
         and dislsnerr nunbered 1 1hrOUEh 8,
         1. S ZC'34'OO" W. llO.00 feel lo a polnt,
         1. S 07*30'ODg K. 8D.00 lee1 to r p i n t ,
         2. S 5D900'D08 \C. 12O.00 feel lo r point.
         4. S 01*30'00m 1;'. 20t.00 feel lo a point,
         5. S l l * D D ' D O * E. 250.00 feet lo a poinl,
         :.
         6. S 71900'0D* k', 4D.DO lecl u, r phi.
            S DlD3D'ODD I<.40D.OG lee1 to e poinl,
         L. S 2.0'DD'DPr 5. ZS:.?1.[et:      lo & porn: lor lne w t h e r s l c;me: cl m e herein d u c r h t
            irac:.
                                        C   ..
                                             4.


         THEh'CI, x i = the man line c! IM herein besrlSeC tra::,           Vlt f o l l o ~ i n gUlree (3)
         courses an: drr:rncu nunberet 1 vlrovgh 5,
         2. h' ~#*PI'OB*W. 8SC.65 f e e l to e point,
         t. wrtn a curve 10 t s e rifh:, having e reOiu a' 2.040.OD fee:. ar. arc l e n w of 141.10
            f e e t an2 r n m e cnorO mars ti 7Ew40'35n Ih'. 143.07 feel 10 c pslCt.
         3. K 74*40'OC' \,'! 1.687.72 f e e l 10 a poin; for m e m:Uuu: c o r n c d Lhe herein
              OUcrOtC u
                      1
                      :.
         Tii~h':~          , me w l r r line o: m e herein ~ c r c r i ~ e a
                        wftn                                             trac:, t h e foUorcing five (5) c o k u
         rnr: a i s l r n c u nusoere: 1 tnroupb 5,
         I. ti 11*2!':lW I. JS7.00 I r e 1 lo r poin:.
         2. ti :7LD!'25r E. 242.99 feet t o c poini.
         3. ti 2F*:7'5SR L 56.SC feel lo e m i n l
         4. h' ~ 1 * 1 9 ~ 1 0 E." 26.04 fee: 10 s kinr;
         5. ti 1P*20'25" E, 21C.54 f e e l lo tne PLACE OF BEWHh?XG conuining 65.40 A c r u
             Of Lane, f r c net acreage of 106.06 Acres 01 LanC.



         PREPAP.ED BY:           BF.YSDh' & A S O C 1 A T E SURITYIKG C3., I R C
                                 3401 Slacphter Lane W e n
                                 Austin. T u a s 78748




                                                                        FEB 1 w




                                    -
ReCORD@RIS~Eh.idhh?)lJM At the time of
rrmrdation this instrumentrufound to bc bsdequite
for t h c ben p h o t o g q b rcprodonion, bccaure of
illcgiiity, b o a or phmo mgg, d i i l o ~ ~ d p?apcr,
clc AU blockoutr. additims &nd chtngcaahrc prSeDt
JI tbc time Ihc insaumen! N Wed and remrded
                                                            FILM CODE
                                                         90P?!:V34506


             FIRBT AHENDHENT TO BCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA
         DECLARATION OF COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND REBTRICTIONS
                                                                                33.0rI INOX
                                                           8:18 A l l 5498   2 3 02/25/93
THE STATE OF TEXAS                             5
                                               §
COUNTY    OF      TRAVIS                       5
                                                                               12D.62-CHb:
     This First Amendment to Scofield Residential Area ~ e c l a r a t % ~ ~ " " ~ - ~
of Covenants, Conditions and Rest ictions (this "Amendment") is
made to be effective February &,                   4.-
                                       1913, with respect to the
following facts:
     A.   The Scofield Residential Area Declaration of Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions was recorded on February 1 , 1993, in
Volume 11863, Page 1147, Real Property Records of Travis County,
Texas (the "Declaration");
      El.  Mellon Properties Company, a Louisiana c3rporation
 ("Declarant") is the "Declarantu under the Declaration;
     C.   Article 2 , Section 2.1 of the Declaration p e r ~ i t s
Declarant to bring certain property described in the Declaration
within the scheme of the Declaration and to modify the Declaration
as may be appropriate for such property;
     D.   Declarant desires to amend the Declaration to clarify
certain provisions regarding the Common Area (as defined therein) ;
and
     E.   Declarant desires to bring certain property within the
scheme of the Declaration and to modify the Declaration as to said
property.
     NOW, THEREFORE, Declarant declares as follows:
     1.   Addition to Prooertv Subiect to Declaration. . In
accordance with Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration, the
following tract of land (the "Added Tract"), being the same
property described as Phase 11 on Exhibit IfC" to the Declaration,
hereby is added to the property subject to the Declzration:
     20.969 acres of land, mere or less, out of the J.M.
     Swisher Survey and the T.C. Collins Survey in Travis
     County, Texas, and more particularly described on Exhibit
     E attached hereto and incorporated herein.
      2.   a f e c t of the Declaration as to the Added Tract. As
 provided in Article 2 , Section 2.1 of the Declaration, upon the
'recording of this Amendment, the Declaration ( a s modified by this
 Amendment), and the covenants, conditions, restrictions and
 obligations set forth in same, shall apply to the Added Tract and
 the rights, privileges, duties and lizbilities of the persons
 subject to the Declaration shall be the same with respect to the
 Added Tract as with respect to the lands originally covered by the
 Declaration.
     3.   Definition of Common Area. Article 1, Section 1.8 of the
Declaration hereby is amended in its entirety to read as follows:
            Common Area. "Common Area1' shall mean either
            a fee simple or an easement interest in and to
            the land described on Exhibit B attached hereto
            and incorporated herein by reference, as from
            time to time modified in accordance with this
            Declaration, and which is owned and hold by the
            Association for the common use and enjoyment
            of the Owners.

               REAL PRCPF.::;.: :f :II:.ZZ
                TRAVIS C O ' J L T I . ;:xlr
      4.   Addition of Easement to Common Area. In accordance with
 Article 2 , Section 2.1 of the Declaration, Declarant hereby
declares that an easement (the "Easementu) on, over and across the
 tract of land (the "Added Common Area1') which is described on
 Exhibit B attached hereto and incorporated herein for all purposes,
 and which is a portion of the Added Tract, shall be held by the
Association as a portion of the Common Area under the Declaration.
Declarant hereby establishes the Easement for the benefit of the
Association on, over and across the Added Common Area, and grants
to the Association the right to construct, install, operate, plant,
maintain, replace, upgrade, repair and remove a masonry wall and
associated    landscaping, sidewalk, drainage, irrigation and
sprinkler improvements, along with such other related improvements
as the Association may deem necessary or appropriate. Declarant
expressly reserves unto the owner(s) of the Added Tract the right
to use and enjoy the Added Common Area, including but not linited
to (a) the right to cross the Added Common Area with driveways for
ingress to and egress from the Added Tract and Metric Boulevard and
with utility lines and facilities to service the Added Tract, (b)
the right to construct, rcpair and maintain curb cuts and driveway
entrances and utility lines and facilities (including without
limitation, water, wastewater, cable television, gas, electric,
drainage and stormwater facilities) and other amenities therein as
approved by the City of Austin, and (c) to grant public or private
easements or dedicate right-of-way to the public in connection with
such rights, in c o m o n with the Association, and subject to the
Association's right to approve the location of any and all
driveways, utility lines and facilities. However, no owner of any
portion of the Added Tract may utilize or convey any rights within
the Added Common Area which unreasonably conflict with the use and
enjoyment of the Easement without the written consent of the
Association.
     5.   Additional Restrictions on Added Tract. In addition t o
the restrictions set forth in the Declaration, Declarant hereby
restricts development of the Added Tract so that the Added Trzct
shall be developed in strict aczordance with the conceptual site
plan for the Added Tract (the "Site Plan1') attached hereto as
Exhibit C and incorporated herein for all purposes.             No
modifications to the Site Plan may be made without Declarantls
prior written approval, but Declarant agrees not to withhcld
unreasonably approval to Site Plan modifications required to
conform the Site Plan to applicable City of Austin regulations.
     6.   Definitions: Ratification.   Capitalized terns used in
this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the same
meaning as set forth in the Declaration. Expressly as expressly
provided herein, Declarant hereby ratifies and confirms the
Declaration in all respects.

                              HELLON    PROPERTIES    COMPANY,     a
                              Louisiana corporation

                              By:                     dP.
                                                  ilce President




 REAI- FRCFEST: !?<C3RDS
 TRAVIS 2CUCi'l. T E X S

 1 1 8 .8. 0..   0776
THE STATE OF TEXAS                         5
                                           S
COUNTY    OF      TRAVIS                   s
     This instrument was acknowledged before me on this the
day of February, 1 9 9 3 , by Blake Magee, Vice President of HELLON
PROPERTIES COHPANY, a Louisiana corporation, on behalf of said
corporation.                              J            \

                                                           .\JL
                                                           S t a t e of T e x a s




After Recording Return to:

Ann E. Vanderburg
Graves, Dougherty, Hearon                      &   Moody
P. 0. BOX 9 8
Austin, Tex?-s         78767
         !? AL l nDFEETY EE3:,75;
          TRAY18 O O U n l Y , T I X A ~
    BEING ALL THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF W ; D OUT OF M ' D A PART OF THE J.tI.
    ScISXER SURVEY A N D THE T.C. COLLINS SUR\'EY, SITUATED I N TRAVIS COUNTY.
    TEXAS, SAID TMCT BEIYG HORE PARTICULARLY DESCIIBED AS BEIIC A PORTION Of
    THAT CERTAIN TRACT CONVEYED TO HELLOK PROPERTIES COHPANY 1 W VOLVIlE 1 0 3 9 9 ,
    PACE 736, TRAVIS COLlh'fY, TEXAS DEED RECORDS, BEICG 20.969 ACRES, KORE FULLY
    DESCRIBED BY WTES U D BOUNDS AS FOLLOWS:
                                I
    EECIKNINC a t a n i r o r , p i n f o u n d a t t h e s o u t h v e s : c o r n e r of L o t I , B l o c k "B",
    S c o f i e l d F a r = P h a s e 1 , S e c t i o n 2 , a c u b d i v i s i o n f o u n d of r e c o r d i n Bock 8 6 ,
    P a g e s 14D-15B. T r a v i s C o u n t y , T e x a s F l a t R e c o r d s a a n e b e i n g t h e r o u : h v e s t
    c o r n e r of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r r c c ,
                                                               .   .
    THENCE, v i c h t h e v e s c e r l y l i n e o f t h e ) h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r a c t t h e f o l l o v i n g
    n i n e ( 9 ) c o u r s e s and d i e t a n c c s , n u n b e r e d 1 t h r o u g h 9 ,
        1. S 8 8 ' 1 4 ' 2 3 " E,.-422.23 f e e t . t o a n i r o n piz:,found,
        2. N 7 3 ' 3 9 ' 1 5 " E, 111.00 f e e : t o a n - i r o n p i n f o u n d ,
        3. K 6 3 " 4 8 ' 0 0 " E, 109.21 f e e r t o a n i r o n p i n . f c u n d ,
        4 , K 48'55'00" E, 110.68 f e e r : c o , , a n . i r o n ' p i n f o u n t ,
        5. h' 4 5 ' 1 5 ' 0 0 " E, 10C.85 f e e r t o a n i r o n - p i n f o u n d ,
        6. N 1 2 ' 0 4 ' 0 0 " E. 2L5.63 f e e t t o a n i r o n p i n f o u n t ,              .       .
        7. 1: 02'07'45" E, 3 8 3 . 4 8 f e e c t o a n i r o n p i n s e t ,               .-.
        @.N 27'1L'45" E, 321.72 f e e t t o a n i r o n p i n f o u n d .
        9 . L 09'11'00" E, 122.LL f e e c t o a n i r o n p i n f o u n d , f o r t h e n o r t h v e s t
            c o r n e r of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b c d c r a c t , .

    TEWCE, v i c h t h e s o u r h R.O.hl. l i n e of S t a t o n D r i v e . b e i n g t h e n o r t h l i n e of
    t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r a c t , t h e f o l l o v i n g reven ( 7 ) c o u r s e s and d i s t a n c e ,
    numbered 1 t h r o u g h 7 ,
        1 . v i t h a c u r v e t o t h e l e f t h a v i n g a r a d i u s o f 468.33 f e e t , a n a r c l t n g t t
            o f 88.25 f c e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s h' 86'51'38" E, 88.12 f e e : K O a n
            i r o n p i n f o u n d a t t h e b e g i n n i n g of a c u r v e ,
        2.           a c u r v e t o t h e r i g h t he\*lng a r a d i u s o f 15.00 f e e t , a n a r c l e n g t h
            of 26.18 f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s S 48'32'30" E , 22.98 f e e t t o a n
            i r o n pin found a t t h e end of s a i d c u r v e ,
        3. N 76'38'30" E, 62.06 f e e t t o an i r o n p i n f o u n d a t t h e b e g i n n i n g o f ' a
            curve,                                                  ..
        1 . r i c h a c u r v e co t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a d i u s of 15.00 f e e t , a n a r c l e n g c h
            of 20.94 f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s h' 41'27'16" E , 1 9 . 2 8 f e e t t o a n
            i r o n p i n f o u n d a t t h e b e g i n n i n g of a c u r v e ,
        5. v i t h a c u r v e t o t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a d i u s o f 470.85 f e e t , a n a r c l e n g t h
            o f 251.87 f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s S 8 3 ' 1 3 ' 4 3 " E, 246.88 f e e t t o a n
            i r o n p i n s e t a t t h e end o f s a i d c u r v e ,
        6. S 67'54'15" E , 10.28 f e e t t o a n i r o n p i n s e r a t t h e b e g i n n i n g o f a
            curve.
        7 . r i c h a c u r v e t o t h e r i g h : h a v i n g a r a d i u s o f 1 5 . 0 0 f e e t , a n a r c lengztg
            o f 23.06 f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s S 23'54'15" E, 20.84 f e e t t o a n
            i r o n p i n s e t a t t h e intersection o f t h e s o u t n R.O.V. l i n e of S r a t o r .
            Drrvc and t h e v e s t R.O.V. l i n e of M e t r i c B o u l e v a r d f o r t h e n o r t h e a s r
I
            corner of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r a c t ,                                                               I   -.
    THENCE, v ? c h t h e v e s t R.O.V. l i n e o f H e c r i c B o u l e v a r d , b e i n g t h e c a s t l i n e
    o f t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r a c t , t h e f o l l o w i n g f o u r ( 4 ) c o u r s e s and d i s t a n c e ,
    numbered 1 t h r o u g h 4 ,
        1. w i t h a curve t o l e f t h a v i n g a r a d i u s of 1,050.00 f e e t , a n a r c l e n g t h of
             130.95 f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s S 1 6 ' 3 1 ' 2 2 " V, 130.87 f e e c t o a n i r o r .
            p i n found a t t h e end o f s a i d c u r v e ,
        2. S 12'57'00" W, 687.60 f e e t t o a n i r o n p i n found a t t h e b e g i n n i n g of r
            CUNC,
        3 . w i t h a c u r v e t o t h e r i g h t h a v i n g r r a d i u s of 950.00 f e e t , a n a r c l e n g t t ,
             o f 880.98 f e e c and v h o s c c h o r d b e a r s S 39'31'00" W , 849.75 f e e c t o er.
            i r o n pin found a c t h e end o f r a i d c u r v e ,
        4 . S 66'05'00" V. 719.00 f e e t t o an i r o n # i n f o u n d f o r t h e ~ o u t h v e s t
            c o r n e r of t h e h e r e i n d e s c r i b e d t r a c t ,

    THENCE, w i t h t h e e a s t R . O . X . l i n e o f S c o f i e l d Lane t h e f o l l o v i n g t h r e e ( 3 )
    c o u r s e s and d i s t a n c e , numbered 1 t h r o u g h 3 ,
        1 . v i t h a c u r v e t c t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a d i u s o f 15.00 fee:, a n a r c l e n g t h
              o f 23.56 f e e t and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s N 68'55'00" W , 21.21 f e e t t o an
             i r c n pin found a t t h e b e g i n n i n g of a curve.
       2. v i r h a c u r v e t o t h e r i g h t h a v i n g a r a d i u s of 631.23 f e e t , a n a r c l e n g t h
             o f 271.01 f e e c and v h o s e c h o r d b e a r s N 1 1 ' 3 7 ' 0 1 " V, 268.93 f e e t t o a n
             i r o n p i n f o u n d a t t h e end o f s a i d c u r v e .
       3. N OO"40'57" E. 262.10 fare t o t h e POINT OF BECINh'LNC c o ~ c a l n l n x 20.963
             A c r e s Of Land.
                              REAL P H O F ~ T . : ; r.:cms
                              TRAYIS OOUll, Y, ~ C X A L
                          Exhibit B
                     Added Common Area

Lot 1 , Block A , Lots 1 and 1 4 , Block B and Lot
3 4 , Block C , S C O F I E L D FARMS PHASE V I I , 5 I I I -
A , a proposed subdivision in Travis County,
Texas, according to the plat on file with the
City of Austin under File No. C8-85-011.06, and
Lot 3 3 , Block C , SCOFIELD FARMS PHASE VII, S
1 1 1 - 8 , a proposed subdivision in Travis County,
Texas, according t o the plat on file with the
City of Austin under File No. C8-85-011.06.
Said lots are more ~articularlydescribed by
metes and bounds on Exhibit B - 1 attached hereto
and incorporated herein for all purposes.




REAL F;IGPEI;T\ KICORO:
 TRAVIS CCUHTI. TEXAS

 I 1 8 8 .0-   0779
                                    E x h i b i t 3-1

                                    L o t 1 , B L c c k A (Fhase 1 1 1 - A )




ESBLBlT "A"




                                    FIELD NOTES

BEING ALL O F THAT CERTALN TRACT O R PARCEL OF L 4 S D OUT O F
AND A PART O F THE T.C. COLLLh'S S U R \ Z Y , SITUATED LI' T I U \ ? S
c O U K ~ ' .TESAS. hlORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS B E m G OUT O F
AKD A PART O F T a A T CERTALN T R 4 C T O F LAKD CONVEYED T O
h1ELLOE PROPERTIES C O M P A h T , FOUND O F RECORD    VOLUME 10390,
PAGE 736, TRX\'TS COUNTY, T E X 4 S DEED RECORDS, SAID T R 4 C T O F
L4XD BEmlG 0.185 ACRES (8,054 SQUARE F E E T ) O F LAND IMORE FLlLLY
DESCRIBED BY hlETES AND BOUNDS AS FOLLO\TIS:

BEGWhTNG, at an iron pin found in the east R.0 W. line of Scofield Lme. the same
being the southwest comer of Lo1 1, Block "B", Scofieid Farms Phase 1, Section 2, ;
subdivision found of record in Plat Book 86, Pages 14D-15B, Plat Records of Travis
County, Texas, for the nonhwest comer of the herein described tract,

THENCE, S 88014'23" E, 72.00 feet to an iron pin set for the northeast comer of the
herein described tract.

THENCE, S 01°55'28" W, 115.00 feet to an iron pin set for the southeast comer of the
herein described tract,

THENCE, with the south line of the herein described tract, the follo*+ng two (2) course
and distances, numbered 1 and 2,

1. N 88O14'23" W, 49.88 feet to an iron pin set, at the beginning of a cuntt,
2. THENCE, with a curve to the right hating a radius of 20.00 feet, an arc length of
   3 1.04 feet and whose chord bears N 4346'43" W, 28.02 feet to an iron pin set on said
   east R.0.U'.line of Scofieid Lane, for the southwest comer of the herein described
   tract.




                                  Page 1 o f 3
THENCE. N 00°40'57" E, 95.39 feet to the POMT OF BEG
Acres (8,054 Square Feet) Of Land.




SURl EYED BY:              &///%%,ti/
                  STE 12 H. BR I'SON, R P.LS!KO. 1248
                                                        STEVE H. BRYSON

                  BR I'sOh' & ASSOCIATES SUR 1/EYING
                  3401 Slaughter Lone West
                  Austin, T   m 78748
                  (51 2) 282-01 70




                              Page 2 of 3
                                                                              0-cn.
                                                                              omx
                                                                              r - m
                                                                              r-o-i
                                                                              --(UlO
                                                                              Z-bI
                                                                              CT)
                                                                                    CD --I
                                                      .      .                cnoo
                                                                              C*
                                                                                   .     .


                                                                              x         >
                                                                               <TO
                                                                              m+o
                          C~GOF~
                               LOE         ~    N (6
                                                   E4'R.o.IJ.)
                                                                              .< - 02
                                                                               OT
                                                                              CnT>




             >ww     V,
             C I Z   C
                                                                  u1 ,1,       0
             zcnz                                                 (;I          07
             mcz
                     m
                                                                  !'           c>
             XOO
             >I
                     -
                     4      1                                     'd           Z X O

                                                                               - o7m-0
             cn4>           0
             - mv,                                                             +-I*
                          ' $ O
                                                                               4
             .*z>
                                                                               -I
                                                                               m-io
                                                                               XI71
                                                                               3-m
                                               4
                                                                               cn       P
                                               6r                                   -iZ
                                                                                    0
                                               m
                                                                                             m
I
                                                                                    00 r
        L
        0
        Q
        tt
                                               #
                                                                                        m
        J
        2
                                                                                             .:
                                                                                             -
                                                                                             b
                                                    T R A V I S COUHTf. T E X A S


    4
                          P a g e 3 of 3            11880 0 7 8 2
                                        E x h i b i t 8-1

                                       Lots 1 a n d 1 4 , Block 9 ( P h a s e 1 1 1 - A )




                                       FIELD NOTES

 BEL'iG ALL OF THi\T CERTAIX TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND OUT OF
 ASD A P A R T OF THE T.C. COLLMS SURITY AND THE JOBK hi. S\VISHER
 SCR\-EY, SITUATED cv TUFTS c o u x n , TE,US, MORE PARTICULARLY
 DESCRLBED AS B E E G OUT O F AND A PART O F THAT CERTACI; TRACT
 OF LAKD COY\TYED T O 5IELLON PROPERTIES COhlPAhT AS FOUSD O F
 RECORD I  S VOLUhIE 10399, PAGE 736, TR4LIS COUh'TY, TEXAS DEED
 RECORDS, SAID TRACT O F LAh'D BEING 33,236 SQUARE FEET OF LAND'
 MORE FULLY DESCRIBED BY METES AND BOUNDS AS FOLLO\IIS:

. BEGMhWG, at an iron pin found at the northeast intersection of Scofield Lane (+I'
 R.0.U') and Metric Boulevard (100' R.0 \!I.), existing streets dedicated within Scoiield
 Farms Street Dedication, Phase I . Metric Boulevard and Scofield Lane, a subdivision of
 record in Book 87, Pages 17A-17C, Travis County Plat Records. for the southwest corner
 of the herein described tract,

 THENCE, following the east R.O.W.
                                 line of Scofield Lane, the following two (2) courses
 and distances, numbered 1 and 2.
 I . uith a curve to the right having a radius of 631.23 feet, an arc length of 260.59 feet
     and whose chord b a r s N 11008'39" W,258.75 feet to an iron pin found,
 2. N 00040'57" E, 76.69 feet to a point at the beginning of a curve, for the nonhwest
     corner of the herein described tract,

 I I E N C E , leaving said R.O.W. line of Sco6eld Lane, the following four (4) courses and
 distances numbered 1 through 4,
 1. uith a curve to the right having a radius of 20.00 feet, an arc length of 3 1.79 feet and
      whose chord bears N 46013'17" E, 28.55 ftet to a point,
 2. S 88014'23" E, 48.04 feet to a point for an ell comer,
 3. S O1°S5'28' W, 345.96 feet to a point for m internal angle.         .'
 4. N 66005'00' E, 609.25 feet to a point at the beginning of a curve, for the northeast
      corner of the herein described tract.




                                      Page 1 of 3
m N C E , with 2 curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet, an arc lenph of 39.27
feet, and whose chord bears S 21°05'00" W, 35.36 feet, to a point on the nonh R.O.W.
line of said Metric Boulevard (100' R.O.W.), for the southeast comer of the herein
described tract,

THENCE, following said R.0W. line cf hletric Boulevard. S 66005'00" W, 567.73 feet
to an iron pin found at the beginning of a curve,

THENCE,with a cunle to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet, an arc length of 39.68
fee!, and whose chord bears N 68026'38" W, 35.64 feet to the POIhrT OF B E G I h W G
containing 33,236 Square Feet Of Land.


PREPARED BY:         BRI'SON 8: A S S O C U T E S SURITYKNG COhfPAhY, LSiC.
                     3501 S l a r r ~ h t e rLane ii'est
                     Austin, T e l a s 78748
                     (512) 282-0170




                                 Page 2 of 3




                                                         REALPRCIPEP.:~ PEC3RDS
                                                          r R A V I S COUHTT. TEXAS

                                                          I 1 8 8. .0,     0784
                                    Exhibit 8 - 1

                                    L o t 3 3 , B l o c k C (Phase 1 1 1 - A )
                                    and
                                    Lot 3 4 , B l o c k C ( P h a s e 1 1 1 - 8 )




                                    FLELD NOTES

BEING ALL O F THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND OUT O F
AYD A PART OF THI T.C. COLLLNS S U R \ T Y , SITUATED LN TRAMS
COUNTI', TEXAS. hlORE PARTICULARLY DESCFUBED AS BELYG OUT O F
AND A PART OF T W T CERTALN TRACT OF L 4 N D CONVEYED TO
hlELLON PROPERTlES COhlPANY AS FOUND O F EjEC0R.D LN VOLUhlE
10399, PAGE 736, TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS DEED RECORDS, SAID TRACT
O F LAND BEING 43,516 SQUARE FEET O F LAND MORE FULLY
DESCFUBED B Y METES AND BOUNDS AS FOLLOWS:

BEGIM\JING. at an iron pin found at the northwest interseclibn of Staton Drive (61"
RO.Hr), and Metric Boulevard (100' R.O.W.), an existing street dedicated wirhin Scofield
F m s Street Dedication Phase 1, Metric Boulevard and Scofield Lane, a subdivsion .of
record in Book 87, Pages 17A-17C, Travis County, Texas Plat Records, for the nonhesst
comer of the herein described uact,

THENCE,with a curve to the right having a radius of 470.85 feet, an arc lengh of 0.84
feet, and whose chord bears S 67052'12" E, 0.84 feet to a point of compound curvature.

 THENCE,^^^^ a curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet, an arc length of38.14
feet, and whose chord bears S 24007'08" E, 34.54 feet to an iron pin found on the nonh
R.O.W.line of said Metric Boulevard, for h e southeast comer of the herein described
tract,

THENCE,foUowing said R 0 . W . line of Metric Boulevard. the following four (4) courses
and distances, numbered 1 through 4,

1. with a curve to the left having a radius of 1050.00 feet, an arc length of 121.52 feet.
    and whose chord b c v s S 160 15'55" W, 12 1.45 feet to an iron pin found.
2. S 12°57'00" W, 687.60 feet lo an iron pin found at the beginning o f a curve,
3 . with r curve to the right having a radius of950.00 feet, an arc length of 880.98 feet,
    and whose chord bears S 3903 1'00" W, 849.75 feet to an iron pin found,




                                   Page 1 of 3



                                                                 REAL YkOFtl.; i ilEC9RDS
                                                                  TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS
4. S 66005'00" W, 21.59 feet to a point found at the beginning of a curve. for the
   southwest corner of the herein described tract,

THENCE. with a c w e to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet, an arc lengh of 39.27
feet, and whose chord bears N 68°55'00" W,35.36 feet., to a point for the nonhwen
corner of the herein described tract,

THENCE, the fouowing four (4) courses and distances, numbered 1 through 4,

I. N 66005'00" E, 46.59 feet to a point at the beginning of a curve,
2. with a cune to the left having a radius of 925.00 feet, an arc length of 857.80 feet, arid
   whose chord bears N 3903 1'00" E, 827.39 feet to a point.
3. N 12057'00" E, 687.60 feet to a point at the beginning of a curve,
4. with a curve to the right having a radius of 1075.00 feet, an arc lengh of 149.42 feet,
   and whose chord bears N 16°55'55" E, 149.30 feet to the POINT OF BEGIN'NMG
   containing 43,s 16 Square Feet Of land.



PREPARED B E           BR YSOh'& ASSOCLQT'ESSURYEYWG COhiPANZ;INC
                       3401 Sluugh~erL o n e West
                       Ausrin, Teras 78748




                                    Page 2 of 3




                                                           R E d L I ' K O F E f l l ~ fiiC3ROS
                                                            TRAYIS GOUWTY. TEXAS

                                                            11880                  0787
                                                                   I



                                  clb8.SS'CQ"W .
                                  A . qn c S s s . w
                                                       worn
                                                       -TX
                                                       --I m
                                                       cr+ .

                                                       0       +



                                                       m u z
                                                          -<
                                                       n>
                                                       0       7
                                                       caw
                                                       z>m
                                                       -izr
                                                       -
                                                       440
                                                           02
                                                       --! T 0
                                                       m I(
                                                       X -4 m
                                                       >xu
                                                       cnm
                                                               7




                                                           W




    -m
    -4

Bum
call
-
010<
+-ul
    0




         REAL pk0f'EC 1 :F . E C ~ ~ ~ ~
          T R A Y I S COUNT!. TEXAS
Exhibit   c
             BECOND AHENDHEHT TO BCOPIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA
         DECLARATION OP COVENANTB, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS

THS   STATE OF TEXAS           5
                               §
COUNTY    OF   TRAVIS          §

                                                                      :3,3tu~.~j-p[ir:'
     This Second Amendment to Scofield ~esidentialArea Declarationl!??J.6+-Cti!;:
of Covenants, conditions and Restrictions (this "Pmendment") is
made to be effective 3 u - a  3        , 1993, with respect to the
following facts:
     A.   The Scofield Residential Area Declaration of Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions (the "Declaration") was recorded on
February 1, 1993, in Volume 11863, Page 1147, Real Property Records
of Travis County, Texas; the Declaration has been amended by that
certain First Amendment to Scofield Residential Area Declaration
of Covenants, conditions and Restriztions recorded in Volume 11880,
Page 775,@ha1 Property Records of Travis County, Texas (the "First
Amendment") ;
     B.   Mellon Properties Company, a Louisiana corporation
("Declarant") is the MDeclarantllunder the Declaration, as so
anended ;
     C.   Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration pernits
Declarant to bring certain property described in the Declaration
vithin the scheme of the Declaration and to modify the Declaration
as may be appropriate ior such property;
     D.   Declarant desires to bring certain property within the
scheme of the Declaration and to modify the Declaration as to said
property.
      NOW, THEREPOFE, Declarant declares as follows:
     1. Addition to pro^ ertv Subiect to Declaratipn.             In
accordance with Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration, *be
following tract of land (the "Added Tract") , being a portion of the
property described as Phase I on Exhibit "CU to the Declaration,
hereby is added to the property subject to the Declaration:
      14.58 acres of land, more or less, out of the J.M.
      Swisher Survey and the T.C. Collins SuxTvey in Travis
      County, Texas, and more particularly described as
      SCOFIZLD, Phase VI, section 11, a subdivision in Travis
      County, Texas, according to the map or plat recorded in
      Volume 91, Page 264 of the Plat Records of Travis County,
      Texas.
     2.   pffect of the ~eclaration as to the Added Tract. As
provided in Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration, upon the
recording of this Amendment, the Declaration (as modified by the
First Amendment and this Amendment) , and the covenants, conditions,
restrictions and obligations set forth in same, shall apply to the
Added Tract and the rights, privileges, duties and liabilities of
the persons subject to the Declaration shall be the same with
respect to the Added Tract as with respect to the lands originally
covered by the Declaration and the First Amendment.
     3.   Addition of Easement to Common Area. In accordance with
Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration, Declarant hereby
declares that an easement (the "Easementw) on, over and across the
tract of land (the "Added Common Area") which is described on
Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein for all purposes,
shall be held by the Association as a portion of the Common Area
under the Declaration. Declarant hereby establishes the Easement
for the benefit of the Association on, over and across the Added
Conmon Area, and grants to the Association the right to construct,
                        REAL I'nOi'cia; ::Ly0i;55
                        TP.A'JIS COUHT!. T E X t E
   install, operate, plant, maintain, replace, upgrade, repair and
  remove a masonry wall and associated landscaping, sidewalk,
  drainage, irrigation and sprinkler improvements, along with such
  other related improvements as the Association may deem necessary
  or appropriate. Declarant expressly reserves unto the owner(s) of
  all portions of the Property adjacent to the Added Common Area the
  right to use and enjoy the Added Common Area, including but not
  limited to (a) the right to construct, repair and maintain curb
  cuts and driveway entrances and utility lines and facilities
   (including without limitation, water, wastewater, cable television,
  gas, electric, drainage and stomwater facilities) and other
  amenities therein as approved by the City of Austin, and (b) to
  grant public or private easements or dedicate right-of-way to the
  public in connection with such rights, in common with the
  Association, and subject to the Association's right to approve the
  location of any and all driveways, utility lines and facilities.
  However, no owner of any portion of the Property may utilize or
  convey any rights within the Added Common Area which unreasonably
  conflict with the use and enjoyment of the Easement without the
  written consent of the Association.
       4.   Definitions: Ratification.  Capitalized terms used in
  this Amenbent and not otherwise defined shall have the same
  meaning as set forth in the Declzration. Expressly as expressly
  provided herein, Declarant hereby ratifies and confirns the
  Declaration in all respects.

                                  YfLLON   PROPEXTIES   COWPXNY,                   a
                                  Louisiana corporation

                                  By:
                                              Blake Magee, Vice' President             '




  THE STATE OF TEXAS       S
                           5
  COUNTY   OF   TRAVIS     g

       This 'nstrument was acknowledged before me on this the %-
  day of    &                , 1993, by Blake Hagee, Vice President
  of XELLON PROPERTIES COKTANY, a Louisiana corporation, on behalf
  of said corporation.

                                                     11/Cy4..
                                              Notary Pub$lc,
                                                                      .
                                                                      P !
                                                                        u u
                                                                      State of Texas




. AFTER RECORDING RETURN TO:
 Ann E. Vanderburg
 Graves, Dougherty, Hearon & Moody
 Post Office Box 98
 Austin, Texas 78767             2
                               R E A ~ t ' k i O t t F i !fiEC9itDS
                                TRAVIS COUHTY. TEXh'
                                            FIELD NOTES
  B E m G ALL OF T W T CERTAm' TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND OUT OF
  AND A PART OF ?-LIE JOHN hi. SWISELER SURVEY, SITUATED N TRAVlS
  COUNTY, TEXAS, MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS BEIh'G OUT O F
  AND A PART OF THAT CERTAIN TRACT OF W K D CONVEYED TO
  MELLOX PROPERTIES, FOUND OF RECORD        VOLUME 10399, PAGE 136,
  TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS DEED RECORDS, SAID TRACT OF W h 3 BEING
  0.132 O F AN ACRE OF &YD MORE FULLY DESCRIBED BY METES AND
  BOUNDS AS FOLLOM'S:
 BEGINNING, at a concrete monument found at the southwest comer of Lot 10, Block
 "J", Scofidd F m s Phase VI, Section I, a subdivision of record in Plat book 90, Pages
 750-251, Travis County. Texas Plat Records, for the' northwest comer of the herein
 described tract,

 TEENCE, with the south line of Block "J" of above said subdivision, the following two
 (2) courses and distances, numbered 1 and 2,

       1.     with a curve to the left ha\ing a radius of 355.00 feet, an arc length of 121.62 feet,
              aid whose chord bears S 50°33'09" E, 121.02 feet to an iron pin found at the end
              of said curve,

       2.     S 60°32'00" E, 455.29 feet to m iron pin found for the nonhcan comer of the
              herein described tract,

 THENCE, S 29028'00" W, 10.00 feet to an iron pin found at the southwest corner of Lot
 18-A of above said subdivision, for the southeast comer of the herein described tract,

 THENCE, with the south line of the herein described tract, the following nvo (2) courses
 and distances, numbered 1 and 2,

       1.    N 60032'00" W,455.29 feet to an iron pin found at the beginning of a curve,

  2.        with a curve to the right having a radius of 365.00 feet, an u c length of 125.04
            feet. and whose chord bears N 50043'09" W, 124.43 feet to an iron pin found for
            the southwest corner of the herein described tract,

THENCE, N 49005'43" E, 10.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING, containing 0.132
of an Acre Of Land.




                                                                                       INC
SKETCH T O hCCOMPANY F I E L D NOTES FOR 0.132 OF AN ACRE
OF LAND OUT OF AND A PART OF THE JOHN M. SWISHER SURVEY,
SITUATED I N T R A V I S COUNTY. TEXAS.
                                                     X:ir'rr"Cord~n~  ,elurn lo:
                                  FILM CODE          'IllleAgency 0 1 A U ~ ~ ~ , ,
                                                    3305 Northland olive
                                                    Sulre 100
                          '   0030503735 1          Ausll Texas 78731
                                                    GF 6 ? 2 0 7 - q 7 6 ~ - ~
             THIRD AHENDNEXT TO BCOPIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA
         DECLARATION OF COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND REfiTRICTIONS

THE STATE OF TEXAS            5
                              5
COUNTY    OF   TRAVIS         S

     This Third Amendment to Scofield Residential Area Declaration
of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (this 81Amendment11)  is
made to be effective September 30, 1993, with respect to the            SEc:
following facts:                             i2:47 Pfi 406;    2 7 1(1/13/P;

     A.   The Scofield Residential Area Declaration of Covenan
Conditions and Restrictions was recorded on February 1, 1993,&13.56-DOC:
Volume 11863, Page 1147, Real Property Records of Travis County/28.04-(:Ht::
Texas (the gaDeclaration")   ; the Declaration has been amended by that
certain First Amendment to Scofield Residential Area Declaration
of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Volume 11880,
Page 775, Real Property Records of Travis County, Texas (the "First
Amendment") and that certain Second Aaendment to Scofield
Residential Area Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and
Restrictions recorded in Volme 11949, Page 239, Real Property
Records of ~ r a v i sCounty, Texas (the "Second Amendmentgg);
     B.   Mellon Properties Company, a Louisiana corporation
("DeclarantI1) is the llDeclarantgt
                                 under the Declaration, as so
                                      '


amended ;
     C.   Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration permits
Declarant to bring certain property described in the Declaration
within the scheme of the Declaration and to modify the Declaration
as may be appropriate for such property; and
     D.   Declarant desires to bring certain property within the
scheme of the Declaration and to modify the Declaration as to said
property; and
     E.   Declarant desires to assign a portion of Declarantgs
rights under the Declaration, as described below.
     flOW, THEREFORE, Declarant modifies the Declaration as follows:

     1.    addition to Pro~ertv Subiect to Declaration.          In
accordance with Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration, the
following three tracts of land (the "Added Tracts;" the Added
Tracts, which are designated below as Tract 1, Tract 2 and Tract
3, sometimes are referred to herein, respectively, as "Tract 1,It
"Tract 211 and "Tract 3g1),hereby are added to the property subject
to the Declaration:
     Tract 1:
     SCOFIELD FARMS, Phase VI, Section 111, a subdivision in
     Travis County, Texas, according to the nap or plat
     recorded in Volume 91, Page 390 of the Plat Records of
     Travis County, Texas.
     Tract 2 :
     Lot 2, Block P, AMENDED PLAT OF SCOFIELD FARMS PHASE 4,
     SECTION 4 , a subdivision in Travis County, Texas,
     according to the map or plat thereof recorded in Volume
     91, Page 369, Plat Records of Travis County, Texas, and
     also being described as 23.469 acres, more or less, out
     of the T.C. Collins Survey, in Travis County, Texas, as
     more particularly described on Exhibit A - 1 attached
     hereto and incorporated herein for all purposes.
     Tract 3:
     13.375 acres, more or less, out of the T.C. Collins
     Survey, in Travis County, Texas, and being more
     particularly described on Exhibit A - 2 attached hereto and
     incorporated herein for all purposes.
Tract 1 is a portion of the property described as ''Phase 1'' on
~xhibit C of the Declaration, Tract 2 is the same property
described as "Phase 111" on Exhibit C to the Declaration, and Tract
3 is the same property described as "Phase I V n on Exhibit C to the
Declaration.
     2.   Effect of the Declaration as to the Added Tracts. As
provided in Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration, upon the
recording of this Amendment, the Declaration (as modified by this
Amendment), and the covenants, conditions, restrictions and
obligations set forth in same, shall apply to the Added Tracts and
the rights, privileges, duties and liabilities of the persons
subject to the Declaration shall be the same with respect to the
Added Tracts as with respect to the lands originally covered by the
Declaration.
        3.     Addition of Easement to Common Area. In accordance with
Article 2, section 2.1 of the Declaration, Declarant hereby
declares that an easement (the "Easement1')on, over and across the
tract of land (the "Added Common Area") which is described on
~ x h i b ti B attached hereto and incorporated herein for all purposes,
and which is a portion of Tract 1, shall be held by the Associayion
as a portion of the Common Area under the Declaration. Declarant
hereby establishes the Easement for the benefit of the Association
on, over and across the Added Common Area, and grants to the
Association the right to construct, install, operate, plant,
maintain, replace, upgrade, repair and remove a masonry wall and
associated landscaping, sidewalk, drainage, irrigation and
sprinkler improvements, along with such other related improvements
as the Association may deem necessary or appropriate. Declarant
expressly reserves unto the owner(s) of the portions of Tract 1
which lie adjacent to the Added Common Area the right to use and
enjoy the Added Common Area, inclu3ing but not limited to ( a ) the
right to construct, repair and maintain curb cuts and driveway
entrances and utility lines and facilities (including without
limitation, water, wastewater, cable television, gas, electric,
drainage and stormwater facilities) and other amenities therein as
approved by the City of Austin, and (b) to grant public or private
easements or dedicate right-of-way t o t h e public in connection with
such rights, in common with the Association, and subject to the
kssociation's right to approve the location of any and all
driveways, utility lines and facilities. However, no owner of any
partion of Tract 1 may utilize or convey any rights within the
Added Common Area which unreason~bly conflict with the use and
enjoyment of the Easement without the written consent of the
Association.
     4.   Additional Restrictions on Tract 2 and Tract 3.       In
addition to the restrictions set forth in the Declaration,
Declarant hereby restricts development of Tract 2 and Tract 3 so
that Tract 2 and Tract 3 shall be developed in strict accordance
with the conceptual site plans for Tract 2 and Tract 3 (the "Site
Plans") attached hereto as Exhibit C and incorporated herein for
all purposes.   No modifications to the Site Plans may be made
without Declarant's prior written approval, but Declarant agrees
not to withhold unreasonably approval to modifications required to
conform the Site Plans to applicable City of Austin regulations.
     5.   Assianment of Rishts of Declarant. Pursuant to F ~ t i c l e
10, Section 10.7 of the Declaration, and with respect to Tract 2
and Tract 3  u,    Declarant hereby assigns to Collier Holdings,
L.C., a Texas limited liability ccmpany ("C~llier~~),
                                                    an undivided
interest in and to Declarant's rights as Declarant under the
Declaration, so that with respect to Tract 2 and Tract 3, Declarant
and Collier, acting jointly, shall be deemed the Declarant for all
purposes of the Declaration. Any action which may be taken by the
Declarant under the Declaration with respect to any Lots within
Tract 2 and Tract 3 shall be taken only by the joint action of
Declarant and Collier. All Lots owned by Collier within Tract 2
and Tract 3 shall be deemed Lots owned by the Declarant under the
Declaration for all purposes therein (expressly including without
limitation the purpose of calculating the votes of members of the
Association). With respect to any portion of the Property other
than Tract 2 and Tract 3, Collier shall have no rights as
Declarant, and Declarant shall be the sole Declarant with respect
to all such Property.
     6.   Definitians:. Capitalized tenns used in
this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the same
neaning as set forth in the Declaration. Expressly as expressly
provided herein, Declarant hereby ratifies and confirns the
Declaration in all respects.

                                          KELLON   PROPERTIES   COHPANY,      a
                                          Louisiana corporation

                                          By:
                                                Blake Magee, Vice President


THE STATE OF TEXAS                    s
                                      §
COUh'TY   OF   TRAVIS                 §

     This instrument was acknowledged before me on this the 0-(qq'L
day of September, 1993, by Blake Magee, Vice President of NELLON
PROPERTIE8 COMPANY, a Louisiana corporation, on behalf of said
corporation.                          /




                                                Print Name :
               I,!   T.*.ml   .. ,.
                               9- r

                     JU!IE 4,1996




After Recording Return to:
Ann E. Vanderburg
Graves, Dougherty, Hearon & Moody
P. 0. BOX 9 8
Austin, Texas 78767
                                     Exhibit A-1

                     UltIISOJd SZ ASSOCIATES



                                       FIELD NOTES

BEWG ALL OF THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND OUT OF
AND A PART OF TI1E T. C. COLLINS SURVEY, SITUATED IN TRAVIS
COUNTY, TEXAS hlORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS BEING LOT 2,
BLOCK "P", AhlENDED PLAT O F SCOFlELD FARMS PHASE 4, SECTION 4,
A SUDDIVISION OF RECORD IN PLAT BOOK 91, PAGES 369-371, TRAVIS
COUNTY, TEXAS PLAT RECORDS, SAID TRACT BEING 23.469 ACRES OF
LAND hlORE FULLY DESCRIBED BY METES AND BOUNDS AS FOLLOWS:

BEGINNING, at an iron pin found on the east R.O.W. line of Metric Boulevard, a street
dedicated within Scofield Farms Street Dedication Phase 1, Metric Boulevard and Scofield
Lane, a subdivision of record in Plat Book 87. Pages 17A-17C. Travis County, Texas Plat
Records, same point being the southwest comer of said Lot 2, Block 'P", for the
southwest corner of the herein described tract,

THENCE, with the said R.O.W. line of Metric Boulevard, the following two (2) courses
and distances, numbered I and 2,
1.      N 2S04 1'1 5" E, 150.14 feet to an iron pin found nt the beginning of a curve,
2.      with a curve to the right having a radius of 1250.00 feet, an arc length of 200.21
        feet, and whose cllord bears N 3001 6'34" E. 200.00 feet to an iron pin found for
        the northwest corner of the herein described tract,

T H E N C E , with the north line of the Ilerein described tract, the following eight (8) courses
and distances, numbered I through 8,
1.      S 52°00'00" E, 400 00 feet to an iron pin set,
2.      S 60000'00" E, 250.00 feet to an iron pin found for an ell corner,
3.      N 13°00'00" E, 90.00 feet to an iron pin found,
4.      N 44044'20" E, 35.12 feel to an iron pin set for an ell corner,
5.      S 56O38'28" E. 586.24 feel to an iron pin found,
6.      S 05°00'00" E, 180.00 feet to an iron pin found,
7.      5 66°00'00" E, I 60.00 feet to an iron pin found,
8.      S 28030'00" E, 160.00 feet to an iron pin found for the northeast corner of the
        herein described tract,




Job No. 23469A.FNt. 09/13/93




                                                                      SEAL PC-22.l': 7,;l,i!ECO:DS
                                                                        T :?.:*.:        "XhS

                                                                     12041             3051
                                     F E L D NOTES

TI-ENCE, with the east line of tlle herein described tract, the following three (3) courses
and distances, numbered 1 Lhrough 3,
1.      S 4000'00" W, 150.00 feet to an iron pin found,
2.      S 21030'00" W, 220.00 feet to an iron pin found,
3.      S 11030'00"W, 300.00 feet to nn iron pin round for the southeast comer of the
        herein described tract,

THENCE, with the south line of the herein described tract, the following twelve (12)
courses and distances, numbered I through 12,
1.     N 6903 1'00" W,480.00 feet to an iron pin found,
2.     N 07030'00" W, 240.00 feel to an iron pin found,
3.     N 37000'00" W, 90.00 feet to an iron pin found,
4.     N 61030'00" W,45.00 feet to an iron pin set,
5.     N 39001'14" W. 156.92 feet to an iron pin set,
6.     N 43003'54'' W,63.25 feel to an iron pin set,
7.     N 68058'28" W, 100.39 feet to an iron pin set,
8.     N 55048'36" W, 101.98 feet to an iron pin set,
9.     N 3 1010'58" W, 226.36 feet to an iron pin set,
10.    N 04009'38" W, 120.00 feet to an iron pin found,
1 1.   N 20030'00" W, 70.00 reet to an iron pin round,
12.    N 55000'00" W, 230.02 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING,containing 23.469
       acres of land.


I, Stme H. Blyson, a Registered ProJessionnl Lnnd Sunteyor, do hereby cemJCy that
thesefield notes represent n survey nrnde on the ground this date under nty supervision
nnd t / ~ nall
            f corners are as s h o ~ ~ ~ n .

U A TED THI3        5 % DA Y OF                5~~7:

SUR I'EYED BY:

                       BR YSOA' & A.YSOCId           URJEI'ING CO.. INC
                       3401 SInughlcr Lnne Il'csf
                       Ausfin, T a n s 78748



lob No. 23-469A.FN2. 09113193                                                            2
                    BRYSON
                    -   -- - & ASSOCIATES
                            .- .- -.
                    s- u .r-v- e -y- .i. n.- -g- .. c o m p a n. --.
                                                                  y
                           .-
                    1 4 J I S l z u ~ l ~ ~L.r!ar
                                              r , U
                                                    - --
                                                  'c.8
                                                                            .---:. . .
                                                           . A.u r l a n . .Tr...              _ _
                                                                                              i_.t
                                                                                   7 6 1 f N . 512.162-0170




                                                         FIELD NOTES

BEING ALL OF THAT CERTAIN TRACf OR PARCEL OF LAND OUT OF AND A
PART OF THE T.C. COLLINS SUR\'EY, SITUATED I N TRAVIS COUhTY, TEXAS,
hlORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS BEING A PORTION OF THAT CERTAIN
TRACT CONL'EYED TO MELLON PROPERTIES COhlPAh?' IN VOLUME 10399,
PAGE 536, TR4\1S COUNTY, TEX4S DEED RECORDS, BEING 13.375 ACRES
hlORE FULLY DESCRIBED BY METES       BOUNDS AS FOLLOWS:
                                                   .       . i      I
                                                                  1 1                1.
BEGh?.IMG, at an iron pin found qn the 6ning east R.O.W. line of Metric Boule\ar& a meer
cieci~cated\dhin Scofield F m Street ~edicatiod'~hase 1, Metric Boulevard and Scofield Lane, a
subdivision of record in Pla~Bmk 87, page 17A-17C, Travis Counq, T e w Plat Records, m e
point being the nonhwcn comer of &t 2, Block "PI!,Amended Plat of Swfield Farms Phhse 4,
Section 4, a subdnision of record in Plat Book 91; Page 369-371, of said Plat Records, for the
southem comer of the herein described uacl,                      ._ . ..,
                                  ..                                            4.
                                                                                                     9 -




THENCE, uith said R.O.W. line of Meuic Bou!awd, the following nr.0 (2) courses and
d i n a n ~ s ,numbered 1 and 2,
    1. with a curve to the ri&t haling a radius of 1,250.00 feet, an arc length of 428.17 f& and
          whose chord bears N 44O40'39" E, 426.08 fyt to an iron pin found,
    2. N 54O29'25" E, 276.39 fect to an iron pin set for the nonhwesr comer of the herein
          described a  t  , -           r      !                  t         '          --
                                            ., '
                                 .! I       :a     . , i '
THMCE, uith the north line of &e here$ describeid pact, the following three (3) courses and
cknances, nurnberd I through 3,                              '1 .
    1. S 35030'35" E. 339.15 feet to an iron pin set, :' '                                -
    2. S 46O04'32" E; 366.73 f e e t t o a n i r b n p i n s i t .
    3. S 56O38'28" E, 350.00 feet to an irony pin g for q e north& comer of the herein
          described tract,
                                                         . .  $         1   :        '.
TJ-ENCE, S 33°21'32" MI, 385.00 fed to an iron pin found at the north& corner of said Lor 2,
                                               - .described traa,
Block "P", for the southeast comer of the herein




Job N0.12-OSA.M4.09/13/93                                                                                     Page 1 of 2
                                        FIELD NOTES


THENCE, with the south line of the k i n described tiact, the follouing five (5) courses and
d~nances,numbered 1 through 5,
                                                                                        --
  1. N 56O38'28" W, 586.24 fed to an iron pin found,
  2. S 44044'20" W, 35.12 f a to an iron pin found,
   3.   S 13°00'00" W,90.00 feet to an iron pin found,
   4.   N 60000'00"W.250.00 fcet to an Lon pin found,
   5.   N 5Z000'00" W, 400.00 fcet to the POINT OF BEGINNING containing 13.375 A c r a Of
        Land.



I, Steve Bryon, a Registered Professional Land Surveyor, do hereby certiQ thar thcsc ficld notes
represent a survey made on the ground this date under my supervision and thar all comers arc-p
shoun.

DATED. THIS 15        DAY OF SEPTEhfBER, 1993.



SURVEYED BY:                    -
                       Sreve H. Bryson, R.P.L.S. No. 4248
                       BRYSON %ASSOCIATES SURVEYING
                       3401 Slaugbrer Lane Wen
                       Austin, Texas 78748
                       (5 12) 280-5160




Job No.12-OSA.FN4.09/13/93                                                             Page 2 of 2
                   Added Common Areq

Lot 4 1 , Block J , and Lot 4 5 , Block E , SCOFIELD
FARMS, Phase VI, S e c t i o n 111, a s u b d i v i s i o n i n
T r a v i s County, Texas, according t o t h e map o r
p l a t recorded i n Volume 9 1 , Page 2 3 0 o f the
P l a t Records o f T r a v i s County, Texas.
CONCEPTUAL SITE PLAN
                                *




                           REAL
                            T?,..,!?
                                     FT.3-z.:p7':' 2jCORCS
                                              '   FXAS


                       '3041
                       I   I_                 3055
   FILED
1993 UCT I3 PI4 4: 3 1
 DAHA DE OEAUVOlR
   COUIITY CLERK
TRAVIS COUIITY. TEXAS
            FOURTH AKENDHENT TO BCOFTELD RESIDENTIAL AREA
         DECLARATION OF COVENANT, C02TDITIONB AND RESTRICTION8
                                                 -.-: r ~ . ;::;                 :I';[.?            1::
                                                                        i    i             l:l:.![l~~

THE STATE OF TEXAS                   S
                                     S
COUNTY    OF    TRAVIS               §

     This Fourth Amendment to Scofield Residential Area Declaration
of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (this "Amendment") is
made to be effective Karch 7, 1994, with respect to the following
facts:                                                            !I/; s. 7 0 4 'if

     A.   The Scofield Residential Area Declaration of Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions was recorded on February 1, 1993, in
Volume 11863, Page 1147, Real Property Records of Travis County,
Texas (the "Declaration"); the ~eclarationhas been amended by that
certain First Amendn,ent to Scofield Residential Area Declaration
of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Volume 11880,
Page 775, Real Property Records of Travis County, Texas, that
certain Second Amendment to Scofield Residential Area Declaration
of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Volume 11949,
Page 239, Real Property Records of Travis County, Texas, and that
certain Third Amendment to ~cofieldResidential Area Declaration
of Covenants, conditions and Restrictions recorded in Volume 12041,
Page 3048, Real Property Records of Travis County, Texas (the
"Third Amendment")       .
     B.  Mellon Properties Company, a Louisiana corporation
(8rDeclarant1r)
              is the "De~larant~~
                                under the Declaration, as so
amended.
     C.   Declarant has assigned a portion of its rights as
Declarant under.the Declaration to Collier Holdings, L.C., a Texas
limited liability company ("C~llier~~),     so that Collier and
Declarant jointly act as Declarant with respect to certain property
described in the Third Amendment; however, Collier is not joining
in this Amendment as Collier's consent is not required with respect
to the incorporation of additional properties into the property
covered by the Declaration.
     D.   Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration permits
Declarant to bring certain property described in the Declaration
within the scheme of the Declaration and to modify the Declaration
as may be appropriate for such property.
     E.   Declarant desires to bring certain property within the
scheme of the Declaration.
     F.  Declarant desires to assign a further portion                  of
Declaranttsrights under the Declaration, as described below.
     NOW, THEREFOM, Declarantmodifiesthe Declaration as follows:
     1.   addition to Pro~ertv Subiect to Declaration.        In
accordance with Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration, the
following tract of land (the "Added Tract,I1),hereby is added to
the property subject to the Declaration:
     SCOFIELD FARMS, Phase VI, Section IV, a subdivision in
     Travis County, Texas, according to the map or plat
     recorded in Volume 92, Page 161 of the Plat Records of
     Travis County, Texas.

The Added Tract is a portion of the property described as "Phase
I" on Exhibit C of the Declaration.
     2.   Effect of the ~eclarationas to the Added Tracts. As
provided in Article 2, Section 2.1 of the ~eclaration,upon the
recording of this Amendment, the Declaration (as previously amended
     REAL PROI'ERl Y ~ ~ C O R O S
      TRfi..VI'; rr."'!", .crhc
and as modified by this Amendment), and tlv? covenants, conditions,
restrictions and obligations set forth in ?-::.mc, shall apply to the
Added Tract and the rights, privileges, d11i:ics and liabilities of
the persons subject to the Declaration shall be the same with
respect to the Added Tract as with respect to the lands originally
covered by the Drlclaration.
     3.   Addition of Easement to Common A>-en. In accordance with
Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Decln:ira'tif~n,Declarant hereby
declares that an easement (the "Easement") c:n, over and across the
following tract of land (the "Added Com~aonArea") , to wit:
         18, lock 11~11,
     ~ o t              SCOFIELD FARMS, Ph:l:;e VI, Section IV,
     a subdivision in Travis County, Texas, according to the
     map or plat recorded in Volume 92, Page 161 of the Plat
     Records of Travis County, Texas.
shall be held by the Association as a portion of the Common Area
under the Declaration. Declarant hereby establishes the Easement
for the benefit of the Association on, over and across the Added
Common Area, and grants to the Association the right to construct,
install, operate, plant, maintain, replace, upgrade, repair and
remove a masonry wall and associated landscaping, sidewalk,
drainage, irrigation and sprinkler improvements, along with such
other related improvements as the Association may deem necessary
or appropriate. Declarant expressly reserves unto the owner(s) of
the portions of the Added Tract which lie adjacent to the Added
Conmon Area the right to use and enjoy the Added Common Area,
including but not limited to (a) the right to construct, repair and
maintain curb cuts and driveway entrances and utility lines and
facilities (including without limitation, water, wastewater, cable
television, gas, electric, drainage and stormwater facilities) and
other amenities therein as approved by the City of Austin, and (b)
to grant~publicor private easements or dedicate right-of-way to
the public in connection with such rights, in common with the
Asscciatisn, znd svbject to the Associationtsright to approve the
location of any and all driveways, utility lines and facilities.
However, no owner of any portion of the Added Tract may utilize or
convey any rights within the Added Common Area which unreasonably
conflict with the use and enjoyment of the Easement without the
written consent of the Association.
     4.   hssianment of Riahts of Declara~t. Pursuant to Article
10, Section 10.7 of the Declaration, and pnlv with respect to (a)
SCOFIELD FARMS, PHASE VII, SECTION 111-A, a subdivision in Travis
County, Texas, according to the map or plat thereof recorded in
Volume 92, Page 83, Plat Records of Travis County, Texas ("Phase
VII, 5111-All) , and (b) SCOFIELD FARMS, P-USE VII, SECTION 111-B,
a subdivision in Travis County, Texas, according to the map or plat
thereof recorded in Volume 92, Page 85, Plat Records of Travis
County, Texas ("Phase VII, SIII-Bn), Declarant hereby assigns to
Bcofield Farms Phase 7 Joint Venture, a Texas joint venture
("Scofield JV") , an undivided interest in and to Declarantlsrights
as Declarant under the Declaration, so that with respect to Phase
VII, SIII-A and Phase VII, SIII-B, Declarant and.Scofield JV,
acting jointly, shall be deemed the Declarant for all purposes of
the Declaration. Any action which may be taken by the Declarant
under the Declaration with respect to any Lots within Phase VII,
5111-A and Phase VII, SIII-B shall be taken only by the joint
action of Declarant and Scofield JV. All Lots owned by Scofield
JV within Phase VII, SIII-A and Phase VII, SIII-B shall be deemed
Lots owned by the Declarant under the Declaration for all purposes
therein (expressly.including without limitation the purpose of
calculating the votes of members of the Association). With respect
to any portion of the Property other than Phase VII, SIII-A and
Phase VII, SIII-B, Scofield JV shall have no rights as Declarant,
and Scofield JV shall have no rights as Declarant with respect to
annexing any additional property under the Declaration, and
Declarant shall be the sole Declarant with respect to all such




                                     -
Property and the annexation of any additional property.
     5.   Definitions: Ratification.   capitalized terms used in
this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the same
meaning as set forth in the Declaration. Expressly as expressly
provided herein, Declarant hereby ratifies and confirms the
Declaration in all respects.

                                   HELLON   PROPERTIEB   COMPANY,       a
                                   Louisiana corporation

                                   By :
                                          Blake Magee, Vice President


THE STATE OF TEXAS             5
                               5
COUNTY    OF    TRAVIS         S
     This instrument was acknowledged before me on this the
day of March, 1994, by Blake Magee, Vice President of HELLON
                                                                  %f
PROPERTIEB COHPANY, a Louisiana corporation, on behalf of said
corporation.


My Commission Expires:
    427-96




After Recording Return to:
Ann E. Vanderburg
Graves, Dougherty, Hearon & Moody
P. 0. Box 98
Austin, Texas 78767
    REALPROPERTY RECORDS        -3
     TRAVIS COIIIITY. +FXP.S
                                                 FILH CODE
                                               00005249329
               FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA
          DECLARATION OF COVEN?&TS, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS
                      (Notice of Withdrawal of Land)
                                                    :. .-
    THE STATE OF TEXAS       5
                                  5
    COUNTY OF TRAVIS              5
                                                   . . +- - -   ,
                                                                          .   ,
                                                                              i
                                                                                  -
         This Fifth Amendment to Scofield Residential Area Declaration
    of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (this ItAmendmentM) is
    made to be effective February 1, 1995, with respect to the
.   following facts:                              - . . :.> :- .. .
         A.   The Scofield Residential Area Declaration of Covenants,
    Conditions and Restrictions was recorded on February 1, 1993, in
    Volume 11863, Page 1147, Real Property Records of Travis County,
    Texas (the "Declaration"); the Declaration has been amended by (i)
    that certain First Amendment to Scofield Residential Area
    Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in
    Volume 11880, Page 775, Real Property Records of Travis County,
    Texas (the "First Amendmentv); (ii) that certain Second Amendment
    to Scofield Residential Area Declaration of Covenants, Conditions
    and Restrictions recorded in Volume 11949, Page 239, Real Property
    Records of Travis County, Texas (the tfSecondAmendmentt1); (iii)
    that certain Third Amendment to Scofield Residential Area
    Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in
    Volume 12041, Page 3048, Real Property Records of Travis County,
    Texas (the "Third Amendment9'); and (iv) that certain Fourth
    Amendment to Scofield Residential Area Declaration of Covenants,
    Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Volume 12139, Page 151,
    Real Property Records of Travis County, Texas (the "Fourth
               ;
    Amendmenttt)
         B.   Mellon Properties Company, a Louisiana corporation
    ("Declaranttl),is the "Declarant" under the Declaration, as so
    amended by the First, Second, Third and Fourth Amendments (as
    amended, the "Amended Declaration") ;
         c.   Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration permits
    Declarant to bring certain property described in the Declaration
    within the scheme of the Declaration and to modify the Declaration
    as may be appropriate for such property; and
         D.   Exhibit "CU to the Declaration describes the land which
    Declarant originally contemplated would be brought within the
    scheme of the Amended Declaration. Declarant desires to notify all
    persons that it has determined that it no longer intends to include
    certain of the property described on Exhibit "C" within the scheme
    of the Declaration and accordingly desires to modify the
    Declaration to delete all references to said property.
         NOW, THEREFORE, Declarant declares as follows:
         1.   Notice that Certain Progertv Will No Lonqer be Subiect to
    Addition to Pro~ertvSubiect to Declaration. Exhibit "Cn to the
    Declaration is hereby amended to delete the following tract of land
    (the "Withdrawn Tractt1)from the property which may be added to the
    property subject to the Declaration pursuant to Article 2, Section
    2.1 of the Declaration:
         106.08 acres of land out of the Francisco Garcia Survey
         No. 60 and the T.C. Collins Survey No. 61, both in Travis
         County, Texas, and being more particularly described by
         metes and bounds on Exhibit "A8I attached hereto and
         incorporated herein.
    The Withdrawn Tract is the same pruyerty described as "Phase V w on
    Exhibit "CU to the Declaration. A portion of the Withdrawn Tract
    has been subdivided as SCOFIELD FPJIMS, Phase VIII, Section 1, a
    subdivision in Travis County, Texas, according to the map or plat
         REAL PiiOPERTY PECORDS
          TAA\'lS COUNTY- TEXAS
 recorded in Volume 93, Page 2 7 5 - 2 7 8 of the Plat Records of Travis
 County, Texas.
        2.    EE
 Upon the recording of this Fifth Amendment, Declarant no longer
 shall have the right to add the Withdrawn Tract to the property
 covered by the Declaration pursuant to Article 2 , Section 2.1 of
 the Declaration.
      3.   Definitions: ~atificatioq. Capitalized terms used in
 this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the same
 meaning as set forth in the ~eclaration. Expressly as expressly
 provided herein, Declarant hereby ratifies and confirms the Amended
 Declaration in all respects.
                                 HELLON  PROPERTIEB   COHPANY,                a
                                 ~ouisianacorporation



                                   ---ME3
                                 By :           6--
                                      Blake J. Magee, Agent




 THE STATE OF TEXAS
 COUNTY OF TRAVIS

      This instrument was acknowledged before me on this the            &fA
 day of ?c&u&&        , 1995, by lake J. Magee, Agent of H-
 PROPERTPEE COMPANY, a Louisiana corporation, on behalf of said
 corporation.




                                                     STATE OF T U A S




REAL PROPERTY RECORDS
 TRAVIS COUiii't. TEXAS

 12365       0091
                                                                E x h i b i t *A*




            PHASE V

           FIELD NOTLS FOR 106.01 4 C P . S OF .LAND DUf OF AVD A PART
           OF M E T R A Y C I S C O G A R C I A sunvtr KO. ID A K D THE 7, C.
           COLLIIS SURVEY NO. 61. SITUATED I f TRAVIS COUh'Ty, TEXAS.
           SAID TRACT BUNG A PDRtlDh' OF THAT CER7Alh' TRACT OF
           L A ~ DCOKVEYLD 70 7.D. REALTY, IHC. lh' \'DLUCE 1 0 3 9 I PAGE
           7 3 6 TRAVIS COUh7Y. ?=AS DEED RECORDS. SAlD TRACT BEING
           t t ~ bTRACTS OT LAND 1HDIt'IDUALLY DUCRlBfD El' KETLS AND

 DIClfhlRG a 1 a point Ln Lnt u u l h lint or m16 T.D. Beally, I r s lrae: ior lhe southwtrl
 r o r n o of mt ntrtin etst:ilcc 1r8c1 from wnlch point lnc norlhwlrl eornrr o: m i d
 T.D. Aul;y. lnc. tract b r a n h' lL'49'17" E. 1,203.96 IrcL.

                                                                                                 live (5) corrrrcr
T n E f C f . r t l h m e ear: lint 01 l n t herein d ~ ~ c r l b et rda c t , VII f O l l 0 ~ i h ~
r n o o s l a n c e l numbtrcd I 1nr~u:n 5,
  I.  L' J 0 * 2 1 ' 1 7 ~ I. 4 1 6 . ~ 5I C C I i n c p i n t .            .       .
  I . u.iur c CL-ve la 1nt 1ef1, ~ v i an ~                rodiur d 445.00 feel, on a r t lcnglh a: 197.34
      f t t l 1 R d K b S t chord bears L' I t e 3 t ' 1 E " 1, 195.81 11tl U p0ir.L.
  2 L' 01'55'15- I. 151.46 leer to r p o t n i
  4. with a curve u m e ritn:, ~ v i n ro radius a! 515.0D fee:, a n a r c I w l h D! f3.55
      I e t l an6 w h u t c h n d bears ); 1 0 ~ 0 7 ~ ~E,7 "Si.4b Itc: l c t p I n l ,
  5. K 13*2D10D" i. 161.26 Ice1 to a point lor m e nsrlnwcr? w m c r                       tnc Derdn d u e t i b e d


T 3 E h ' C i . wilh t h t mryr line a' Lne herein 6s::ibed      1rac; t n e f o U c ~ i n pUIrtC (3)
en=-su anC Q l u n c u numbereC I L n m u ~ h3.
  1. S 74'4P'DDv E, 1,6B:.72      Ire: l o a pi>:.
 2. u.l;h 1 c r r v t lo m e I J ~ , havinr r radrru KC 2.16D.OC fee:, I n a r t l e n p or 151-52
     1ee1 an: wruse cnord bra:$ S 7~*;0'3:" I. :51.49 lee: 10 a pain:,
  2. 5 ?tg41'D?' L, O I L g J lee: ID a pslnl fa: m e norllrrart u : n c o! lne hertin OucTiMC
     iratl.
Tl!ERCT. wlxh m e un line cf the hereln dm:ibed u a c l lhc loLlowln[ twelve 0 2 )
colr-xcr and distancu NlDbwed 1 Lnrouph 12,
 1. S 2 t'DO10D' L 110.0C fee: ro a poln:,
 ?- S 6?'ODgDP" I. l>D.DD Ier: Lo L pamL
 5. ): 7PgOD'DP" L, SO.00 Ire: lo r pin:,
 4. S JD'OD'OC" 1. 30.00 ire^ to r pslnL.
 t. S DE*DD'DCn \(, IDD.00 Ice1 to r pin:.
 t. S 21'30'00* 1, 100.00 feel l o 1 p o l n l
  :.S lSwJO'DC' L, J50.00 feel lo pin:.
 k S 4L*D01DC" L, 1lL.00 I t e l l a t poinl.
 L. S D9'44'15' I, l(i.03 f e e l lo e p l n ;
lo. S ~ C ' O @ * D D *K , 1 0 0 . 0 ~ f t c l lo r p a i n l
11. S 7C'SE'JD" K. 150.00 lee: l o c potnL,
2 2 S L?'Jt'DS' H', 9-22 Ice: ro 1 p l n r l o r Ihr u u ~ h u s lmmc a! t h e herein krcrlbrt
    1:ae1.

TEZKCE. wlxh t~ s o y , line c: Lnr herein d u a i b t d m c ; Ihc follow in^ thirrccn (13)
  r o u r r o an$ d u n c u nu=brrc6 1 m r o u t h 1s.
    2. 1: 5t*5?'SCn W;46!!.?1          Ire: lo I pin:.
    ?^ h' St.51'25' K, 711.SJ f e e l ID r p i n l ,
    5 h' St95E'J<. H', 354.81 l r c l lo a poinl.
    4. f St044'1?" W. 64.OD 1.~1 Lo t pin:,
    5. L' 3 P i 5 ' 3 7 " K, JP5.11 ILL: 10 c poinr,
    t. S.:!'::'2Ew         K, 110.02 I ~ C I  IC e point.
 ;.     S 31*:L9S?' X. 60.05 Ire: l o r p i n t ,
    t . s J!'3:'3r-        li, 271.19 let: l o r psi7;.   .
    8. ); 5P*45'QPW K , 615.00 1-1 lo r point.
'ID. 6 &)'2J012- K, 16s.BP fee; ID L pdn:.
        f ~ 7 * ? 1 ' 1 E ")i. 667.15 I e c l LC a pin;.
                                                               .                                                       ..
 12. h' LI'J7'DC" k', 1 3 h 4 4 I e r l Lo r p r n l .
 E.P 5 P J 9 ' 4 J . If, 117.97 1111 LC m t P D l D T OF BECILK!fG eoalaininy 60.bl A e r u Or
       &nr




             REAL PROPERTY RECORDS
              TRAVIS COUNTY. TEXAS
  B E C l h ' h ' l u ~ 11 l h ~nD:lhrert corner d u l d T.D. Rcr)ly. Ine. L r ~ c llee t h e n o r l h w c r t
  corner        the hereln OrtcrlDed l r r c l ,
                 wllh m t north l i n t of m e herein &r:rbed l.r r .c l , the foUowln[ I i v r
. THENCE,
  a n d i r r r n r u numbered 1 lhrouph
  1. S 6 1 * 1 9 q 5 3 gI,  3~1.64
                                                  S,
                                    l c e l t o polnl.
                                                  I        .
                                                                                                    (5) c o u r r t r


  1. 5 55'5?'37" I,1Db.16 l e t 1 10 1 p 0 l n l
  I. S .6I036'D3" I.1.34t.75 f t c l l o 1 p o b t ,
  4. Y J I * I ? ' S l " E. l,Dt9.81 I r e 1 t o 1 p!nL.
  5. 5 5 9 g 1 1 * 1 t mL. S O ~ . ~f eG t 1 rn I point l o r wt ~ r t n e o e~wln e r nf the herein O u c r l M d
       rrrcl
  THIKCL, wlln o l r m s l llnr d t n t hcreln k s c r b r 0 l r I c l , I n t fouowinp elchl (01 t o m .
  a n d d i r l r n c v numberr0 1 lhrDUrh 5,
  1. 6 P I * ~ ~ * D D   X'.~ 11t.oD f e r t LO r p l n l ,
  :.   5 D7*JD'DD' B, ~ D . D D f e e l l o r polnl.
  3. S 5D'DDqDD- V;, 1ID.OD 11el 10 1 point,
  4. 5 05*JD1DD' li'. 2DD.DD 1 r t 1 l o r polnl,
  5. S 1Y'DD'DO' I,15C.DD f e e l l o I p l n l .
                                                                .
  :.
  L. 5 74'0D'DDn h', (@.OD l e e l lo r point.
       S O I ' I D ' D P li, 4DD.DO I r e 1 t o 1 poinL,
  1. 5 f!*DDeOt' I.          lS:.?l.lrt:   l o I p i n 1 for t n e u u t h t u l m r n c r O! m e h ~ c i nb e r c r b e C
                                   - ..  e

  n E h ' C I , x l ~ lIht m o t h line c! m e herein b u r t h d lntl m e following m r c t (3)
  course: 1nC d1r;ancu numbcreC 1 L?roUF 1.
  :.  h' 7 l * 4 l t 0 9 " w, 89D.66 fee: ID c p i n t .
  t. u.lth r corvt lo t2-t riyh:, h n v l n ~I ndirtr L' 2.DIO.OD fee:, 8fi a r c Ienm th lI(Z.10
      I r e 1 rn: w.n~sr chord n e a r s h. 71.4D'JS' K, 115.Di fee! IC o PDIGL
                                                                                     ' me k r i n
  3. F 7te4D'DP" \V. 1.69i.72 I r e 1 lo c p i c : I m t h e m u t h u s : c o r n v a

  ~ E Z K Z I ,w ~ t ht n r r u t Unt n! m e herein -crbetu r c ; the IoUowinr five 6)c o k u
  r C dlsimnccr numDtrtC 1 m r o u r a 5.
  :. h' 11'2L'17' I, 357.00 f e e l lo L phl.
  2 h' :?'D!'?5'  L 242.99 I r e 1 l o t poln:.
                  5 Sb.$< l t t t t o r pin;
  <.
  3. h' lt.:7'S5"
     Y 3!'19'3Pn I, 26.04 Ire: l o r polnl.
  L. F lt'ZD'2.'" E, 110.54 I t e l lo m e PLACE 0: BEOWMUG c o n l l l n i n r &SAD A c t s
     Of L n C , IP1 nt: a c r s n g e of 101.06 A c r u Of LnC



  PREPARED EL':             BP.YSDh' & A S S O C I A T E S U R E X I K G CO., Ih'L
                            34D1 S 1 1 u ~ h t e r Lane W r r t
                            Aurltr., T u u ? S i d e




                                                                                                               6TATE OF 1 i M       COUHI*O(~~
                                                                                                                   Im c v y m t ~ h b e ~ m ~ ~ m t R E D m
                                                                                                               ma dl!. 1 2 8 1 Ih, Irn S U W d I,"",
                                                                                                                                               ,@ ma. 1M
                                                                                                               *O c      RECO~UED.         .nd PWI d n
                                                                                                                                h YI. V C J ~
                                                                                                               -%CORDS        drtImcO~.T-~
             RECORDERS MEMORANDUM:
             ORIGINAL IS OF POOR O U A L l n I!                                                                              FEB          1 tQ85


       REALPROPERTYPECORDS                                                                                                   COUNTY CLERK
                                                                                                                             TRAVIS COUNTY, T          W
        TRAVIS COUNTY. TEXAS
                                                           FILM CODE

             SIXTH AMENDMENT TO SCOFIELD RESIDENTIAL AREA
         DECLARATION OF COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS

THE STATE OF TEXAS            S                                                ?.@I)I H D Y
                              5                  ::::1!1   pa   :)I;&!      I4 G4/:2/95
COUNTY    OF   TRAVIS         5                                                5-00 RECn
                                                1?:111 PG' 3F.jE         , 1 4 04/1+/?5
      This Sixth Amendment to Scofield Residential Area Declaration
'of Covenants., conditions and ~estrictions (this "Amendment11)is
made to be effective April 10, 1995, with respect to the following 1-g~    SEC
 facts:                                         i2::Il Pfl O!:&t  1 4 i
                                                                      .X.!-'!</X                     -
                                                                                           -r ^"""
                                                                                t. : . . . J d   CtLh-
     A.   The ~cofield~esidentialArea Declaration of Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions was recorded on February 1, 1993, in
Volume 11863, Page 1147, Real Property Records of Travis County,
Texas (the ttDeclaration"); the ~eclarationhas been amended by the
following instruments: (i) First Amendment to Scofield Residential
Area Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded
in Volume 11880, Page 775, Real Property Records of Travis County,
Texas, (ii) Second Amendment to Scofield Residential Area
Declaration of Covenants, conditions and Restrictions,recorded in
Volume 11949, Page 239, Real Property Records of Travis County,
Texas, (iii) Third Amendment to Scofield Residential Area
Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in
Volume 12041, Page 3048, Real Property Records of Travis County,
Texas (the "Third Amendment"), (iv) Fourth Amendment to Scofield
Residential Area Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and
Restrictions recorded in Volume 12139, Page 151, Real Property
Records of Travis County, Texas (the "Fourth Amendmentu), and (v)
Fifth Amendment to scofield Residential Area Declaration of
Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded in Volume 12365,
Page 90, Real Property Records of Travis County, Texas.
     B.  Mellon Properties Company,' a Louisiana corporation
("DeclarantM) is the "Declarant" under the Declaration, as so
amended.
     C.   Declarant has assigned (i) a portion of its rights as
Declarant under the Declaration to collier Holdings, L.C., a Texas
limited liability company ("Collier"), so that Collier and
Declarant jointly act as Declarant with respect to certain property
described in the Third Amendment and (ii) a portion of its rights
as Declarant under the Declaration to Scofield Farms Phase 7 Joint
Venture, a Texas joint venture ("Phase 7 JVw), so that Phase 7 JV
and Declarant jointly act as Declarant with respect to certain
property described in the Fourth Amendment; however, neither
Collier nor Phase 7 JV are joining in this Amendment as their
consent is not required with respect to the incorporation of
additional properties into the property covered by the Declaration.
     D.   Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration permits
Declarant to bring certain property described in the Declaration
within the scheme of the Declaration and to modify the Declaration
as may be appropriate for such property.
     E.   Declarant desires to bring certain property within the
scheme of the Declaration.
     NOW, THEREFORE, Declarant modifies the Declaration as follows:
     1.   Addition to P r o n e r t ~ Subiect to Declaration.    In
accordance with Article 2, Secticn 2.1 of the Declaration, the
following tract of land (the "Added Tractu), hereby is added to the
property subject to the Declaration:
     SCOFIELD FARMS, Phase VI, Section V, a subdivision in
     Travis County, Texas, according to the map or plat
     recorded in Volume 93, Page 165 of the Plat Records of
     Travis County, Texas.
    REAL PROPERTY RECORDS
     TAAVIS CO!l;lTY. TEXAS
The Added Tract is the final portion of the property described as.
"Phase I" on Exhibit C of the Declaration.
     2.   Fffect of the Declaration as to the Added Tract. AS
provided in Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration, upon the
recording of this Amendment, the Declaration (as previously amended
and as modified by this Amendment), and the covenants, conditions,
restrictionsand obligations set forth in same, shall apply to the
Added Tract and the rights, privileges, duties and liabilities of
the persons subject to the Declaration shall be the same with
respect to the Added Tract as with respect to the lands originally
covered by the Declaration.
     3.   Addition of Easement to Common Area. In accordance with
Article 2, Section 2.1 of the Declaration, Declarant hereby
declares that an easement (the "Easement1')on, over and across the
following tract of land (the "Added Common Areaw), to wit:
                             . .
     Lot 45, Block "En, SCOFIELD FARMS, Phase VI, Section V,
     a subdivision in Travis County, Texas, according to the
     map or plat recorded in Volume 93, Page 165 of the Plat
     Records of Travis County, Texas
shall be held by the Association as a portion of the Common Area
under the Declaration. Declarant hereby establishes the Easement
for the benefit of the Association on, over and across the Added
Common Area, and grants to the Association the right to construct,
install, operate, plant, maintain, replace, upgrade, repair and
remove a masonry wall and associated landscaping, sidewalk,
drainage, irrigation and sprinkler improvements, along with such
other related improvements as the Association may deem necessary or
appropriate. Declarant expressly reserves unto the owner(s) of the .
portions of the Added Tract which lie adjacent to the Added C o m o n
Area the right to use and enjoy-the Added Common Area, including
but not limited to (a) the right to construct, repair and maintain
curb cuts and driveway entrances and utility lines and facilities
(including without limitation,,water, wastewater, cable television,
gas, electric, drainage and stormwater facilities) and other
amenities therein as approved by the City of Austin, and (b) to
grant public or private easements or dedicate right-of-way to the
public in connection with such rights, in common with the
Association, and subject to the ~ssociation's right to approve the
location of any and all driveways, utility lines and facilities.
However, no owner of any portion of the Added Tract may utilize or
convey any rights within the Added Common Area which unreasonably
conflict with the use and enjoyment of the Easement without the
written consent of the Association.
     4.   pef initions : Ratification. Capitalized terms used in
                                        '


this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the same
meaning as set forth in the Declaration. Expressly as expressly
provided herein, Declarant hereby ratifies and confirms the
Declaration in all respects.

                                 MELLON   PROPERTIES   COMPANY,        a
                                 Louisiana corporation

                                 By:
                                       Blake   J.   Maaee,   Asent   and




      REAL PROPERTY PECORDS
       TRAVIS COl!/lT:'. TEXAS
THE STATE OF TEXAS              S
                                S
COUNTY     OF   TRAVIS          5
     This instrument was acknowledged before me on this the         /&
day of ~ p r i l ,1995, by Blake J. Magee, Agent and Attorney-in-Fact
for HELLON PROPERTIES COMPANY, a Louisiana corporation, on behalf
of said corporation.


My    omm mission Expires:
     Lij-2 7-76                          Print




                                                     STATE ff TEXAS




            FILED
        95APR 14 AH11:06
          DANA DEGEAUVOIR
            COUNTY CLERK                          APR 14 1995
         TRAYIS COUHTY. TEXAS

                                                 @&g2$~
                                                  TRAVIS COUNTY, TMAS




After Recording Return to:
Ann E. Vanderburg
Graves, Dougherty, Hearon & Moody         .
P. 0. BOX 98
Austin, Texas 787RRAL PROPERTY P E ~ O R O S
                   TRAVIS COIJ:!TY. TEXAS
